<doc>
<title>CACI Reports Record Results for Its Fiscal 2010 Fourth Quarter and ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-17</date>
<snippet>... based on a change in spending patterns, or in the event of a priority need for funds, such as homeland security, the war on terrorism or rebuilding Iraq, or an ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100817006613/en

Revenue increased 16.4 percent in the quarter, 15.3 percent for the year

Organic revenue growth of 14.3 percent in the quarter, 13.4 percent for the year

Contract funding orders increased 16.0 percent for the quarter, 14.2 percent for
the year

Net income increased 8.8 percent in the quarter, 18.7 percent for the year

Operating cash flow increased 52.6 percent for the quarter, 38.7 percent for the
year
ARLINGTON, Va.--(Business Wire)--
CACI International Inc (NYSE:CACI), a leading professional services and
information technology solutions provider to the federal government, announced
results today for its fourth fiscal quarter and full fiscal year ended June 30,
2010. 

Fourth Quarter Results

We are pleased to report record fourth quarter net income of $29.9 million, or
$0.96 diluted earnings per share. Net income increased 8.8 percent over net
income of $27.5 million, or $0.91 diluted earnings per share, for the same
period last year. The 16.4 percent increase in revenue in the quarter was driven
by organic growth of 14.3 percent, reflecting the continued strong performance
of our defense and intelligence businesses. This performance was driven
primarily by growth in our core competencies of C4ISR, Logistics and Material
Readiness, and Integrated Security and Intelligence Solutions.

                                                                          
 (in millions except per-share data)    Q4, FY10    Q4, FY09    % Change  
 Revenue                                $848.7      $728.9      16.4%     
 Operating income                       $54.0       $52.6       2.7%      
 Net income                             $29.9       $27.5       8.8%      
 Diluted earnings per share             $0.96       $0.91       6.5%      
                                                                          


Solid operating performance, lower interest expense and a lower tax rate drove
our net income growth. Our strong annual net income growth drove higher variable
stock compensation expense in the quarter, which had the effect of increasing
our operating expense and moderating operating income growth. Our operating cash
flow of $86.4 million in the quarter was 52.6 percent higher than in the fourth
quarter of last year. 

Fiscal Year 2010 Results

For the full year, our net income was a record $106.5 million, or $3.47 diluted
earnings per share. This net income was an 18.7 percent increase over net income
of $89.7 million, or $2.95 diluted earnings per share in Fiscal Year 2009
(FY09). The 15.3 percent increase in revenue in Fiscal Year 2010 (FY10) was
driven by organic growth of 13.4 percent, reflecting the strong performance of
our defense and intelligence businesses throughout the year.

                                                                                        
 (in millions except per-share data)    12 Months, FY10    12 Months, FY09    % Change  
 Revenue                                $3,149.1           $2,730.2           15.3%     
 Operating income                       $194.8             $184.1             5.8%      
 Net income                             $106.5             $89.7              18.7%     
 Diluted earnings per share             $3.47              $2.95              17.8%     
                                                                                        


Our strong operating performance, lower interest expense and a significantly
lower tax rate drove our net income growth. Our higher net income increased
variable cash and stock compensation expense, which had the effect of increasing
operating expense and moderating operating income growth. The corporate tax rate
was favorably affected by gains in the investments in CACI`s deferred
compensation plan and tax benefits related to software development. Our record
operating cash flow of $209.3 million for the year was 38.7 percent higher than
the amount reported in FY09. 

CEO Commentary and Outlook

Commenting on the company`s financial results, Paul Cofoni, CACI`s President and
CEO, said, "This marks the third consecutive year that we have met or exceeded
our guidance in top and bottom-line performance. FY10 was a record year for
revenue, net income, diluted earnings per share, operating cash flow and
contract funding orders. In addition, we completed three strategic acquisitions
that have added to our portfolio of cyber security and IT modernization
solutions. Our growth continues to be driven by the key support we provide to
the warfighter in the critical, well-funded national security priorities of
C4ISR and intelligence." 

"We believe that FY11 will be another solid year for CACI. We expect to continue
to generate strong operating cash flow, which will enhance our solid balance
sheet and our ability to fund our future growth both organically and by
acquisition. We believe our strengths are aligned with the government`s well
funded, high priority areas in the proposed federal budget for the next fiscal
year. The requested Operations and Maintenance part of the defense
appropriations, where we derive the majority of our revenue, is 8.5 percent
higher than Fiscal 2010. We believe there will be negligible impact on our
operations from the Secretary of Defense`s recommendations to eliminate the
Joint Forces Command, the office for Network and Information Integration and the
J-6. We have been informed that the work we do for the Business Transformation
Agency will continue following its transition to other organizations. During our
FY11, we believe our operational excellence and our solid long-term customer
relationships will continue to be contributing factors to maintaining our high
recompete win rate, winning new business, and positioning us to provide our
services to new customers in key growth areas of C4ISR and intelligence. This
gives us the confidence to reiterate our guidance for FY11." 

"We expect to see a continuing strong demand for our services and solutions in
FY11 and beyond. We believe the initiatives to improve efficiency and
effectiveness recently announced by the Secretary of Defense and the Office of
Management and Budget will present new opportunities for our services and
solutions that support the warfighter and the modernization of government. We
are confident that we will continue to execute our strategy, deliver on our
commitments and enhance shareholder value." 

Additional Financial Metrics

                                                                                                                                                
 ($ in millions, except per share data)                                                         Q4, FY10           Q4, FY09           % Change  
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), a non-GAAP measure    $67.7              $63.3              7.0%      
 Diluted adjusted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure                                        $1.55              $1.27              22.7%     
 Days sales outstanding                                                                         55                 59                           
                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                
 ($ in millions, except per share data)                                                         12 Months, FY10    12 Months, FY09    % Change  
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), a non-GAAP measure    $247.1             $230.0             7.4%      
 Diluted adjusted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure                                        $5.39              $4.46              20.7%     
                                                                                                                                                


Contract Funding Orders and Awards

* Contract funding orders in the fourth quarter were $895 million, a 16.0
percent increase over the fourth quarter of FY09. For FY10, contract funding
orders totaled a record $3.4 billion, a 14.2 percent increase over FY09. 
* Funded backlog at June 30th was $1.9 billion, a 17.2 percent increase over the
fourth quarter of FY09. Total backlog at June 30th was $6.8 billion, a decrease
of 12.4 percent from the fourth quarter of FY09, primarily as a result of a
lower level of recompete activity during FY10. 
* During the fourth quarter, we won a prime position on the multiple-award,
five-year indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) Global Battlestaff and
Program Support (GBPS) contract with a ceiling of $1.5 billion to support the
U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM). For FY10, we won prime positions on
other IDIQ awards with total ceilings of approximately $1.1 billion. The work on
these awards supports the warfighter through our core competencies of C4ISR and
Integrated Security and Intelligence Solutions. 
* During the fourth quarter, we won contract awards with an estimated value of
$293 million. Fourth quarter awards included:

* Approximately $107 million in previously unannounced national security-related
awards. 
* Awards on the GBPS contract totaling $31 million. These awards support SOCOM`s
mission of countering the asymmetric threat to our nation. 
* Awards on the Strategic Services Sourcing (S3) contract vehicle with the U.S.
Army totaling $27 million. The work on these awards supports the warfighter
through our C4ISR services.

* For FY10, the estimated value of contract awards received totaled $2.0 billion
and we successfully retained all major recompetes. At the end of FY10,
approximately $5 billion in submitted proposals, of which nearly 90 percent are
for new business, were under evaluation. The majority of these proposals are
currently scheduled to be awarded by the end of December 2010. 
* Major awards during FY10 included:

* A total of approximately $418 million in awards on the S3 contract vehicle,
including those received in the fourth quarter. Since March 2006, we have been
awarded approximately $2.5 billion in task orders on this vehicle. 
* A total of approximately $370 million in unannounced awards related to
national security and from the Intelligence Community, including those received
in the fourth quarter. 
* A $219 million award from the U.S. Navy to provide C4ISR business software and
maintenance services to the SPAWAR Systems Center Atlantic for up to five years.
This award expands our relationship with the customer. 
* A $190 million award from the U.S. Navy to provide technical services to
support the Fleet Assistance and Shipboard Training (FAST) program for the Navy
and the Marine Corps. This award demonstrates our expertise in logistics
analysis and training and continues our over 20 year relationship with the
command that oversees this program.

FY10 Recognition

* CACI was named Government Contractor of the Year for companies with revenue
greater than $300 million at the 7th Annual Greater Washington Government
Contractor Awards event. 
* CACI`s U.S. Operations achieved an enterprise-wide Capability Maturity Model
Integration (CMMI©) Level 3 rating, and our division in Norfolk, Virginia
achieved CMMI Level 5, the highest CMMI rating, for the software work we are
doing for the Norfolk Naval Shipyard. High-level CMMI recognition assures our
current and potential clients of high quality, low risk, and best practices in
systems integration. 
* CACI`s Global Enterprise Network Services group became one of just 25 U.S.
organizations certified by the International Organization for Standardization
(ISO) for adhering to ISO 20000 best practices. Achieving ISO 20000
certification indicates the team meets top standards for measuring performance
and offering clients continuous improvement. 
* Forbes magazine listed CACI as a top company in the Washington, D.C. area for
its "Best Places to Begin a Career." 
* CACI was named one of GI Jobs magazine`s Top 100 military-friendly employers
for 2009, and one of CivilianJobs.com`s 2010 most valuable employers for the
military.

CACI Reaffirms Its FY11 Guidance

We are reaffirming our Fiscal Year 2011 (FY11) guidance which we issued on June
29, 2010. The table below summarizes the guidance ranges for FY11:

                                                                  
 (In millions except for earnings per share)    Fiscal Year 2011  
 Revenue                                        $3,250 - $3,400   
 Net income                                     $116 - $122       
 Diluted earnings per share                     $3.70 - $3.90     
 Diluted weighted average shares                31.3              
                                                                  


This guidance represents our views as of August 17, 2010. Investors are reminded
that actual results may differ for the reasons described herein and in our
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Conference Call Information

We have scheduled a conference call for 8:30 AM Eastern Time Wednesday, August
18, 2010 during which members of our senior management team will be making a
brief presentation focusing on fourth quarter results and operating trends
followed by a question-and-answer session. You can listen to the conference call
and view the accompanying exhibits over the Internet by logging on to our
homepage, www.caci.com, at the scheduled time, or you may dial 877-303-9143 and
enter the confirmation code 87216709. A replay of the call will also be
available over the Internet beginning at 1:00 PM Eastern Time Wednesday, August
18, 2010 and can be accessed through our homepage (www.caci.com) by clicking on
the CACI Investor Info button. 

About CACI

CACI provides professional services and IT solutions needed to prevail in the
defense, intelligence, homeland security, and federal civilian government
arenas. We deliver enterprise IT and network services; data, information, and
knowledge management services; business system solutions; logistics and material
readiness; C4ISR services; cyber solutions; integrated security and intelligence
solutions; and program management and SETA support services. CACI services and
solutions help our federal clients provide for national security, improve
communications and collaboration, secure the integrity of information systems
and networks, enhance data collection and analysis, and increase efficiency and
mission effectiveness. CACI is a member of the Fortune 1000 Largest Companies
and the Russell 2000 index. CACI provides dynamic careers for approximately
13,200 employees working in over 120 offices in the U.S. and Europe. Visit CACI
on the web at www.caci.com and www.asymmetricthreat.net. 

There are statements made herein which do not address historical facts, and
therefore could be interpreted to be forward-looking statements as that term is
defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements
are subject to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
anticipated results. The factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those anticipated include, but are not limited to, the
following: regional and national economic conditions in the United States and
the United Kingdom, including conditions that result from a prolonged recession;
terrorist activities or war; changes in interest rates; currency fluctuations;
significant fluctuations in the equity markets; changes in our effective tax
rate; valuation of contingent consideration in connection with business
combinations; failure to achieve contract awards in connection with recompetes
for present business and/or competition for new business; the risks and
uncertainties associated with client interest in and purchases of new products
and/or services; continued funding of U.S. government or other public sector
projects, based on a change in spending patterns, or in the event of a priority
need for funds, such as homeland security, the war on terrorism or rebuilding
Iraq, or an economic stimulus package; government contract procurement (such as
bid protest, small business set asides, loss of work due to organizational
conflicts of interest, etc.) and termination risks; the results of government
investigations into allegations of improper actions related to the provision of
services in support of U.S. military operations in Iraq; the results of
government audits and reviews conducted by the Defense Contract Audit Agency or
other government entities with cognizant oversight; the insourcing of contractor
positions by the government; individual business decisions of our clients;
paradigm shifts in technology; competitive factors such as pricing pressures
and/or competition to hire and retain employees (particularly those with
security clearances); market speculation regarding our continued independence;
material changes in laws or regulations applicable to our businesses,
particularly in connection with (i) government contracts for services, (ii)
outsourcing of activities that have been performed by the government, and (iii)
competition for task orders under Government Wide Acquisition Contracts
("GWACs") and/or schedule contracts with the General Services Administration;
the ability to successfully integrate the operations of our recent acquisitions;
our own ability to achieve the objectives of near term or long range business
plans; and other risks described in the company`s Securities and Exchange
Commission filings.

(Financial Tables follow)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Selected Financial Data                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 CACI International Inc                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                             
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                           Quarter Ended                                                             Twelve Months Ended                                                         
                                                                           6/30/2010                  6/30/2009                                  6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                                  
                                                                                                       As adjusted*               % Change                                       As adjusted*                 % Change       
 Revenue                                                                   $      848,717            $      728,901           16.4   %        $      3,149,131            $      2,730,162           15.3   %      
 Costs of revenue                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Direct costs                                                                     602,726                   505,094           19.3   %               2,207,574                   1,871,884           17.9   %      
 Indirect costs and selling expenses                                              177,887                   160,275           11.0   %               693,736                     627,572             10.5   %      
 Depreciation and amortization                                                    14,133                    10,959            29.0   %               53,039                      46,592              13.8   %      
 Total costs of revenue                                                           794,746                   676,328           17.5   %               2,954,349                   2,546,048           16.0   %      
 Operating income                                                                 53,971                    52,573            2.7    %               194,782                     184,114             5.8    %      
 Interest expense and other, net                                                  5,479                     7,426             -26.2  %               26,353                      31,125              -15.3  %      
 Income before income taxes                                                       48,492                    45,147            7.4    %               168,429                     152,989             10.1   %      
 Income taxes                                                                     18,198                    17,431            4.4    %               61,171                      62,572              -2.2   %      
 Net income before noncontrolling interest in earnings of joint venture           30,294                    27,716            9.3    %               107,258                     90,417              18.6   %      
 Noncontrolling interest in earnings of joint venture                             (394     )                (232     )        69.8   %               (743       )                (719       )        3.3    %      
 Net income attributable to CACI                                           $      29,900             $      27,484            8.8    %        $      106,515              $      89,698              18.7   %      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Basic earnings per share                                                  $      0.99               $      0.92              7.8    %        $      3.53                 $      2.99                18.1   %      
 Diluted earnings per share                                                $      0.96               $      0.91              6.5    %        $      3.47                 $      2.95                17.8   %      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Weighted average shares used in per share computations:                                                                                                                                                                     
 Basic                                                                            30,241                    29,965                                    30,138                      29,976                             
 Diluted                                                                          31,022                    30,369                                    30,676                      30,427                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 *Certain balances for the period ended June 30, 2009 have been adjusted to reflect the retroactive application of new accounting standards related to convertible debt and minority interest.                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Statement of Operations Data (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                           Quarter Ended                                                             Twelve Months Ended                                                         
                                                                           6/30/2010                   6/30/2009                                  6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                                  
                                                                                                       As adjusted*               % Change                                       As adjusted*                 % Change       
 Operating income margin                                                          6.4      %                7.2      %                                6.2        %                6.7        %                       
 Tax rate                                                                         37.8     %                38.8     %                                36.5       %                41.1       %                       
 Net income margin                                                                3.5      %                3.8      %                                3.4        %                3.3        %                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 EBITDA**                                                                  $      67,710             $      63,300            7.0    %        $      247,078              $      229,987             7.4    %      
 EBITDA margin                                                                    8.0      %                8.7      %                                7.8        %                8.4        %                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Adjusted net income**                                                     $      48,215             $      38,463            25.4   %        $      165,207              $      135,716             21.7   %      
 Diluted adjusted earnings per share                                       $      1.55               $      1.27              22.7   %        $      5.39                 $      4.46                20.7   %      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 *Certain balances for the period ended June 30, 2009 have been adjusted to reflect the retroactive application of new accounting standards related to convertible debt and minority interest.                                           
 **See Reconciliation of Net Income to Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization and to Adjusted Net Income on page 11                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             


                                                                                             
 Selected Financial Data (Continued)                                                             
                                                                                             
 CACI International Inc                                                                          
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)                                               
 (Amounts in thousands)                                                                          
                                                                                             
                                                   6/30/2010            6/30/2009            
                                                                        as adjusted*         
 ASSETS:                                                                                     
 Current assets                                                                              
 Cash and cash equivalents                         $      254,543      $        208,488    
 Accounts receivable, net                                 531,033               477,025    
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                55,170                39,319     
 Total current assets                                     840,746               724,832    
                                                                                             
 Goodwill and intangible assets, net                      1,270,159             1,181,579  
 Property and equipment, net                              58,666                30,923     
 Other long-term assets                                   75,195                68,745     
 Total assets                                      $      2,244,766    $        2,006,079  
                                                                                             
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:                                                       
 Current liabilities                                                                         
 Current portion of long-term debt                 $      278,653      $        9,464      
 Accounts payable                                         98,421                87,300     
 Accrued compensation and benefits                        152,790               137,843    
 Other accrued expenses and current liabilities           128,559               83,297     
 Total current liabilities                                658,423               317,904    
                                                                                             
 Long-term debt, net of current portion                   252,451               570,078    
 Other long-term liabilities                              160,737               88,489     
 Total liabilities                                        1,071,611             976,471    
                                                                                             
 Shareholders' equity                                     1,173,155             1,029,608  
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity        $      2,244,766    $        2,006,079  
                                                                                             


 *Certain balances as of June 30, 2009 have been adjusted to reflect the retroactive application of new accounting standards related to convertible debt and minority interest.  
                                                                                                                                                                                 


                                                                                                                                           
 Selected Financial Data (Continued)                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                           
 CACI International Inc                                                                                                                            
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)                                                                                       
 (Amounts in thousands)                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                         Twelve Months Ended                                     
                                                                                         6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                
                                                                                                                    as adjusted*             
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:                                                                                                     
 Net income before noncontrolling interest in earnings of joint venture                  $     107,258              $      90,417          
 Reconciliation of net income to net cash provided by operating activities:                                                                
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                 53,039                      46,592          
 Non-cash interest expense                                                                     10,499                      9,809           
 Amortization of deferred financing costs                                                      2,356                       2,553           
 Stock-based compensation expense                                                              30,750                      16,821          
 (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes                                                 (4,703    )                 9,624           
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of business acquisitions:                                                      
 Accounts receivable, net                                                                      (49,291   )                 (36,055  )      
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                     (11,628   )                 (5,555   )      
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                         49,910                      12,330          
 Accrued compensation and benefits                                                             9,423                       5,030           
 Income taxes receivable and payable                                                           3,288                       2,177           
 Other liabilities                                                                             8,443                       (2,825   )      
 Net cash provided by operating activities                                                     209,344                     150,918         
                                                                                                                                           
 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:                                                                                                     
 Capital expenditures                                                                          (22,503   )                 (12,369  )      
 Purchases of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                 (87,943   )                 (26,532  )      
 Other                                                                                         (2,431    )                 133             
 Net cash used in investing activities                                                         (112,877  )                 (38,768  )      
                                                                                                                                           
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:                                                                                                     
 Net payments under credit facilities                                                          (53,600   )                 (3,919   )      
 Proceeds from employee stock purchase plans                                                   4,501                       5,550           
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                       5,589                       2,129           
 Purchases of common stock                                                                     (3,496    )                 (23,705  )      
 Other                                                                                         (7        )                 (1,156   )      
 Net cash used in financing activities                                                         (47,013   )                 (21,101  )      
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                  (3,399    )                 (2,957   )      
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                     46,055                      88,092          
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                208,488                     120,396         
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                $     254,543              $      208,488         
                                                                                                                                           


 *Certain balances for the period ended June 30, 2009 have been adjusted to reflect the retroactive application of new accounting standards related to convertible debt and minority interest.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                                        
 Selected Financial Data (Continued)                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                            
 Revenue by Customer Type (Unaudited)                                                                                                                   
                                Quarter Ended                                                                                                     
 (dollars in thousands)         6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                           $ Change               % Change       
 Department of Defense          $   663,617        78.2   %       $   563,917        77.4   %     $    99,700          17.7   %      
 Federal Civilian Agencies          142,059        16.7   %           136,971        18.8   %          5,088           3.7    %      
 Commercial                         39,752         4.7    %           21,853         3.0    %          17,899          81.9   %      
 State and Local Governments        3,289          0.4    %           6,160          0.8    %          (2,871   )      -46.6  %      
 Total                          $   848,717        100.0  %       $   728,901        100.0  %     $    119,816         16.4   %      
                                                                                                                                            
                                Twelve Months Ended                                                                                               
 (dollars in thousands)         6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                           $Change                % Change       
 Department of Defense          $   2,450,463      77.8   %       $   2,078,338      76.1   %     $    372,125         17.9   %      
 Federal Civilian Agencies          535,467        17.0   %           542,090        19.9   %          (6,623   )      -1.2   %      
 Commercial                         146,839        4.7    %           88,228         3.2    %          58,611          66.4   %      
 State and Local Governments        16,362         0.5    %           21,506         0.8    %          (5,144   )      -23.9  %      
 Total                          $   3,149,131      100.0  %       $   2,730,162      100.0  %     $    418,969         15.3   %      
                                                                                                                                            
 Revenue by Contract Type (Unaudited)                                                                                                                   
                                Quarter Ended                                                                                                     
 (dollars in thousands)         6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                           $Change                % Change       
 Time and materials             $   384,228        45.3   %       $   343,687        47.2   %     $    40,541          11.8   %      
 Cost reimbursable                  285,240        33.6   %           246,625        33.8   %          38,615          15.7   %      
 Fixed price                        179,249        21.1   %           138,589        19.0   %          40,660          29.3   %      
 Total                          $   848,717        100.0  %       $   728,901        100.0  %     $    119,816         16.4   %      
                                                                                                                                            
                                Twelve Months Ended                                                                                               
 (dollars in thousands)         6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                           $Change                % Change       
 Time and materials             $   1,467,556      46.6   %       $   1,310,001      48.0   %     $    157,555         12.0   %      
 Cost reimbursable                  1,033,480      32.8   %           875,653        32.1   %          157,827         18.0   %      
 Fixed price                        648,095        20.6   %           544,508        19.9   %          103,587         19.0   %      
 Total                          $   3,149,131      100.0  %       $   2,730,162      100.0  %     $    418,969         15.3   %      
                                                                                                                                            
 Revenue Received as a Prime versus Subcontractor (Unaudited)                                                                                           
                                Quarter Ended                                                                                                     
 (dollars in thousands)         6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                           $Change                % Change       
 Prime                          $   721,625        85.0   %       $   608,178        83.4   %     $    113,447         18.7   %      
 Subcontractor                      127,092        15.0   %           120,723        16.6   %          6,369           5.3    %      
 Total                          $   848,717        100.0  %       $   728,901        100.0  %     $    119,816         16.4   %      
                                                                                                                                            
                                Twelve Months Ended                                                                                               
 (dollars in thousands)         6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                           $Change                % Change       
 Prime                          $   2,677,553      85.0   %       $   2,261,801      82.8   %     $    415,752         18.4   %      
 Subcontractor                      471,578        15.0   %           468,361        17.2   %          3,217           0.7    %      
 Total                          $   3,149,131      100.0  %       $   2,730,162      100.0  %     $    418,969         15.3   %      
                                                                                                                                     


                                                                                                                 
 Selected Financial Data (Continued)                                                                                   
                                                                                                               
 Contract Funding Orders Received (Unaudited)                                                                          
                             Quarter Ended                                                                       
 (dollars in thousands)      6/30/2010                6/30/2009            $Change           % Change          
 Contract Funding Orders     $      895,373          $      771,605      $     123,768    16.0      %      
                             Twelve Months Ended                                                                 
 (dollars in thousands)             6/30/2010               6/30/2009    $     Change     % Change         
 Contract Funding Orders     $      3,422,206        $      2,996,471    $     425,735    14.2      %      


                                                                                                                                      
 Direct Costs by Category (Unaudited)                                                                                                             
                           Quarter Ended                                                                                                        
 (dollars in thousands)    6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                             $Change             % Change       
 Direct labor              $   211,760        35.1   %       $   194,277        38.5   %       $     17,483       9.0    %      
 Other direct costs            390,966        64.9   %           310,817        61.5   %             80,149       25.8   %      
 Total direct costs        $   602,726        100.0  %       $   505,094        100.0  %       $     97,632       19.3   %      
                                                                                                                                      
                           Twelve Months Ended                                                                                                  
 (dollars in thousands)    6/30/2010                             6/30/2009                             $Change             % Change       
 Direct labor              $   810,643        36.7   %       $   751,000        40.1   %       $     59,643       7.9    %      
 Other direct costs            1,396,931      63.3   %           1,120,884      59.9   %             276,047      24.6   %      
 Total direct costs        $   2,207,574      100.0  %       $   1,871,884      100.0  %       $     335,690      17.9   %      
                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Reconciliation of Total Revenue Growth and Organic Revenue Growth                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 We are presenting organic revenue growth to reflect the effect of acquisitions on total revenue growth. Revenue generated from the date a business is acquired through the first anniversary of that date is considered acquired revenue growth. All remaining revenue growth is considered organic. We believe that this non-GAAP financial measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate the growth rate of our core business. This non-GAAP measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute 
 for performance measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      


                                                                                                                                                     
                           Quarter Ended                                                  Twelve Months Ended                                                
 (dollars in thousands)    6/30/2010            6/30/2009            % Change         6/30/2010               6/30/2009               % Change       
 Revenue, as reported      $      848,717      $      728,901      16.4   %        $      3,149,131       $      2,730,162       15.3   %      
 Less:                                                                                                                                               
 Acquired revenue                 15,642                                                    54,133                                                 
 Organic revenue           $      833,075      $      728,901      14.3   %        $      3,094,998       $      2,730,162       13.4   %      
                                                                                                                                               


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Selected Financial Data (Continued)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 and Amortization (EBITDA) and to Adjusted Net Income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 The Company views EBITDA, EBITDA margin, Adjusted Net Income and Diluted Adjusted Earnings Per Share as important indicators of performance, consistent with the manner in which management measures and forecasts the Company`s performance. EBITDA is a commonly used non-GAAP measure when comparing our results with those of other companies. We believe Adjusted Net Income is a significant driver of long-term value and is used by investors to measure our performance. This measure in particular assists readers in 
 further understanding our results and trends from period-to-period by removing certain non-cash items that do not impact the cash flow performance of our business. EBITDA is defined by us as GAAP net income plus net interest expense, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. EBITDA margin is EBITDA divided by revenue. Adjusted Net Income is defined by us as GAAP net income plus stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, and amortization of financing costs, net of related tax    
 effects. Diluted Adjusted Earnings Per Share is Adjusted Net Income divided by diluted weighted-average shares, as reported. EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income as defined by us may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.                                                                                                           


                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                 Quarter Ended                                                              Twelve Months Ended                                                          
 (dollars in thousands)                          6/30/2010                  6/30/2009                  % Change         6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                    % Change       
 Net income, as reported                         $     29,900             $     27,484             8.8    %        $     106,515              $     89,698               18.7   %      
 Plus:                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Income taxes                                          18,198                   17,431             4.4    %              61,171                     62,572               -2.2   %      
 Interest income and expense, net                      5,479                    7,426              -26.2  %              26,353                     31,125               -15.3  %      
 Depreciation and amortization                         14,133                   10,959             29.0   %              53,039                     46,592               13.8   %      
 EBITDA                                          $     67,710             $     63,300             7.0    %        $     247,078              $     229,987              7.4    %      
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                 Quarter Ended                                                              Twelve Months Ended                                                          
 (dollars in thousands)                          6/30/2010                  6/30/2009                  % Change         6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                    % Change       
 Revenue, as reported                            $     848,717            $     728,901            16.4   %        $     3,149,131            $     2,730,162            15.3   %      
 EBITDA                                          $     67,710             $     63,300             7.0    %        $     247,078              $     229,987              7.4    %      
 EBITDA margin                                         8.0      %               8.7      %                                7.8        %               8.4        %                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                 Quarter Ended                                                              Twelve Months Ended                                                          
 (dollars in thousands)                          6/30/2010                  6/30/2009                  % Change         6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                    % Change       
 Net income, as reported                         $     29,900             $     27,484             8.8    %        $     106,515              $     89,698               18.7   %      
 Plus:                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Stock-based compensation                              12,800                   3,737              242.5  %              30,750                     16,821               82.8   %      
 Depreciation and amortization                         14,133                   10,959             29.0   %              53,039                     46,592               13.8   %      
 Amortization of financing costs                       537                      872                -38.4  %              2,356                      2,553                -7.7   %      
 Non-cash interest expense                             2,688                    2,510              7.1    %              10,499                     9,809                7.0    %      
 Less:                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Related tax effect                                    (11,843  )               (7,099   )         66.8   %              (37,952    )               (29,757    )         27.5   %      
 Adjusted net income                             $     48,215             $     38,463             25.4   %        $     165,207              $     135,716              21.7   %      
                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                 Quarter Ended                                                              Twelve Months Ended                                                          
 (shares in thousands)                           6/30/2010                  6/30/2009                  % Change         6/30/2010                    6/30/2009                    % Change       
 Diluted weighted average shares, as reported          31,022                   30,369                                    30,676                     30,427                              
 Diluted earnings per share, as reported         $     0.96               $     0.91               6.5    %        $     3.47                 $     2.95                 17.8   %      
 Diluted adjusted earnings per share             $     1.55               $     1.27               22.7   %        $     5.39                 $     4.46                 20.7   %      
                                                                                                                                                                                       


CACI International Inc
Corporate Communications and Media:
Jody Brown, Executive Vice President, Public Relations
703-841-7801
jbrown@caci.com
or
Investor Relations:
David Dragics, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
866-606-3471
ddragics@caci.com



Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>