<doc>
<title>Traumatic Brain Injury Victim Uses Route 66 to Tell the Story of ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-17</date>
<snippet>... It is considered the signature injury of the Iraq War; though millions have been diagnosed, there remain millions more with no idea they have an injury and ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
Route 66 Enthusiast Dan Rice Publishes a Book on His Eight-Year Recovery from
TBI
LOS ANGELES--(Business Wire)--
In a new autobiography published by independent press The Way Things Are
Publications, author Dan Rice, 66-to-Cali Inc. owner, Route 66 enthusiast, and a
permanent fixture on the iconic Santa Monica Pier, reveals his journey to
recovery from Traumatic Brain Injury in attempt to raise public awareness of the
condition and how it can be treated. The book, End of the Trail, explores a
psychological struggle with deteriorating mental faculties, depression, anger,
suicidal ideations, and an increasing inability to understand the world around
him due to a trauma that often is misunderstood by both the medical field and
the general public. 

Rice`s eight-year recovery from TBI began with a near fatal car accident in 2002
that halted a Hollywood career and high-paced track toward a Ph.D. in
Psychology. The undiagnosed injury threw Rice into a downward spiral in which
his perceptions of reality were completely transformed, unintelligible, and in
some cases altogether removed. The story of his recovery is intertwined with the
story of his passion for Route 66, illustrating that the economic trauma of the
historic route, representing a larger economic trauma of middle America,
mirrored his own physical trauma. 

"Dan Rice`s story is compelling on many dramatic levels," said Jennifer
Havenner, director of publishing for The Way Things Are Publications. "The
twists and ebbs of his recovery from TBI told with the lens of Route 66 tell a
simultaneous story of the struggle for survival while broadcasting an important
and relevant message. More than 1.5 million Americans suffer from TBI and it
kills over 50,000 annually. It is considered the signature injury of the Iraq
War; though millions have been diagnosed, there remain millions more with no
idea they have an injury and that it is treatable. Dan`s book shows this can
happen to anyone - and more importantly reveals the path to recovery." 

The book will be available in illustrated hardcover in the winter of 2010 at all
major bookstores and online. 

About Dan Rice

Dan Rice is the president of Santa Monica Pier retailer 66-to-Cali Inc.,
recipient of the prestigious Will Rogers 2010 New Business of the Year Award,
and a recovered Traumatic Brain Injury victim. Rice seeks to educate the public
about brain injury by speaking candidly about his own dramatic road to recovery.
He also hopes to inspire other victims and their families as they struggle to
claim back their lives and loved ones from the mental darkness. He works closely
with the larger Route 66 community to revitalize the Mother Road and educate new
generations of the iconic importance of the route. Visit 66-to-Cali`s website,
Facebook page, and Twitter feed. 

About The Way Things Are Publications

The Way Things Are Publications is a publisher of fiction, nonfiction, and
periodicals that share philosophical sensibilities and strive to elevate social
consciousness. The company chooses publications based upon the social relevance
of the material and the author`s intention to address the philosophical nuances
of our society and civilization. For more information visit
http://www.waythingsarepublications.com and on Twitter @waythingsare.

The Pollack PR Marketing Group
Jonathan Younger, 310-556-4443
jyounger@ppmgcorp.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>