<doc>
<title>OGX Reports 2Q10 Results</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-12</date>
<snippet>... involved in the aforementioned projects, allowing for impartiality and total independence in the recommendations; (vii) Usage of oil spill recovery equipment ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100812005718/en

RIO DE JANEIRO--(Business Wire)--
OGX S.A. (Bovespa: OGXP3; OTC: OGXPY) today announced results for the second
quarter ended June 30, 2010. The following financial and operating information
is presented on a consolidated basis, in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board - IASB, in thousands of reais (R$), unless stated otherwise. 

"We have made important progress in our exploratory campaign in recent months,
highlighted by significant discoveries in the southern part of the Campos Basin,
as well as the beginning of a new cycle of drilling activity in three new
regions: the northern blocks of the Campos Basin, and the Santos and Parnaíba
basins. Our efforts in northern Campos and Santos have already been successful.
We have also expanded our exploratory boundaries with the acquisition of five
high-potential onshore blocks in Colombia, demonstrating a capacity to pursue
opportunities in regions of great potential where we have differentiated
knowledge," commented Paulo Mendonça, General Executive Officer of OGX. 

First Quarter Highlights and Subsequent Events:

* Initiated exploration of the Parnaíba Basin with the drilling of the first
onshore well, OGX-16, in the BT-PN-08 block through special purpose vehicle OGX
Maranhão; 
* Commenced the drilling of seven new wells since the beginning of the second
quarter in the Campos and Santos basins: OGX-11D to OGX-15 as well as OGX-17 and
OGX-18; 
* Made important advances in the delineation of the Vesuvio accumulation with
the conclusion of the drilling of OGX-9DB and OGX-13 wells and the accumulation
formed between OGX-2A, OGX-6 and OGX-15 wells; 
* Filed the Environmental Impact Study (EIA) and the respective Report of
Environmental Impact (RIMA) with the Brazilian Institute of the Environment and
Renewable Resources (IBAMA) in order to obtain a preliminary license for
hydrocarbon production in the Campos Basin; 
* Acquired five exploratory blocks in three onshore basins in Colombia:
Cesar-Ranchería, Lower Magdalena Valley and Middle Magdalena Valley; 
* Chartered a sixth semi-submersible rig, Pride Venezuela, from Pride
International; 
* Chartered a jack-up drilling unit, Ocean Scepter, provided by Diamond
Offshore; 
* Joined the Efficient Carbon Index ("ICO2"), an index composed of companies
included in the IBrX-50 Index, which tracks the efficiency of member companies`
emissions of greenhouse gases; 
* Initiated a process for the sale of a minority participation in the Campos
basin`s blocks.

Exploratory Campaign

During the second quarter of 2010, we made significant progress in our
exploratory campaign and achieved excellent drilling results, highlighted by new
discoveries in the Campos Basin that further validated the great petrolific
potential of our blocks in this region, as well as the identification of
accumulations in areas which had not yet been explored by OGX, such as the
northern blocks of the Campos Basin and the Santos Basin. 

Since the beginning of our exploratory campaign, in September 2009, through
August 2010, the drilling of 12 wells operated by OGX and 1 well operated by
Maersk has been concluded and we currently have six rigs operating
simultaneously on our behalf (3 in Campos, 2 in Santos and 1 in the Parnaiba
Basin). Discoveries were made in 16 of a total of 19 wells completed or in
progress so far, not including the wells OGX-16 and OGX-17 that are still in
initial stage of drilling. Based on the data obtained from the drilling of the 7
wells (wells OGX-1 to OGX-6 and also OGX-8), we estimate a total recoverable oil
volume between 2.6 and 5.5 billion of barrels. 

Wells OGX-14 (Peró prospect) and OGX-18 (Ingá) were the first to be drilled in
the northern blocks of the Campos Basin, and they provided evidence of the
existence of a new province of great importance for OGX. The drilling of OGX-14
was concluded and showed two important accumulations in the Albian section. The
drilling of OGX-18, which is still in progress, identified hydrocarbons in the
Santonian section as well as in the Albian section. The Albian section of this
well was, structurally, 56 meters above the Albian section of OGX-14, signaling
a potentially superior column to the one already encountered in this block.
These results suggest that a new series of discoveries in the BM-C-40 block,
which is adjacent to the Peregrino and Polvo fields, is possible. The rig Ocean
Lexington remains active in this block and is dedicated to the drilling of well
OGX-18, located 2 km away from the well OGX-14. 

Another important discovery for OGX was made in the OGX-15 well (Santa Helena
prospect, BM-C-41 block), where the presence of hydrocarbons was detected in the
Albian and Aptian sections. The drilling of this well strengthens the previously
announced hypothesis that the accumulation encountered in the Albian section of
this well is connected to the structure formed between the Pipeline (OGX-2A) and
Etna (OGX-6) prospects, whose connectivity had been previously announced. For
the Aptian section, pressure tests will be conducted in order to verify possible
connectivity between these reservoirs. The Santa Helena prospect is located 6.41
km northeast of the Pipeline prospect and 1.81km northwest of the Etna prospect.


We also concluded the drilling of two appraisal wells in the Vesúvio
accumulation, 3-OGX-9DB-RJS and 3-OGX13-RJS. The OGX-9DB well confirmed
previously identified sands from well OGX-1, Vesúvio prospect, and detected new
sand bodies, suggesting the existence of additional accumulations. The oil-water
contact was also identified at deeper levels. In the OGX-13 well, evidence of
hydrocarbons was found in sandstone reservoirs in the Eocene section and
preliminary information indicates that this well was drilled in one of the
structure`s boundaries. The identification of the oil-water contact in the
OGX-9DB well, as well as the identification of the structure`s boundaries in the
OGX-13 well, have made an important contribution to the delineation of the
Vesúvio accumulation. The OGX-13 well is located approximately 4.25 km away from
OGX-1 and 2.15 km from OGX-9DB. 

In addition to beginning drilling in the northern blocks of the Campos Basin, we
initiated drilling activities in two other regions which had not yet been
explored by OGX as an operator: the Santos Basin, through the drilling of wells
OGX-11D, OGX-12 and OGX-17, and the Parnaiba Basin with the drilling of the
OGX-16 well. 

Within the Santos Basin, we highlight the drilling of the Natal prospect
(OGX-11D), in the BM-S-59 block, adjacent to the Mexilhão field, in which liquid
hydrocarbons and associated gas were discovered in the Santonian section. There
the liquid hydrocarbons were revealed to be of high quality, with an API of
approximately 41°, suggesting a more attractive project. The drilling of the
OGX-11D well, initiated on April 9th, and the drilling of the Belém prospect
(OGX-17) in the BM-S-56 block, initiated on July 22nd, are still ongoing. 

The drilling of the OGX-12 well (Niteroi prospect, in the BM-S-57 block) has
been concluded and it provided valuable information that furthered the
calibration of our new geological model for the region. However, hydrocarbons
encountered at the well were considered to be of a non-commercial nature. 

A Discovery Appraisal Plan was approved by the National Agency of Petroleum,
Natural Gas and Biofuels (ANP) for well 1-MRK-2B-SPS operated by Maersk in the
BM-S-29 block of the Santos Basin. This plan had been filed in March of this
year and contemplates the drilling of a second well in the block as well as the
reprocessing of 3D seismic data. 

The chart below shows the evolution of our drilling activities to date:

                    Campos                                                                                   Santos                 Parnaiba  
 Concluded          OGX-1, OGX-2A, OGX-3, OGX-4, OGX-5, OGX-6, OGX-8, OGX-9DB, OGX-10, OGX-13, OGX-14        MRK-2A, OGX 12                   
 In Progress        OGX-15, OGX-18, OGX-7A                                                                   OGX-11D, OGX-17        OGX-16    


Drilling Activity in Progress:

* 1-OGX-7A-RJS: the Huna prospect was drilled by the rig Ocean Lexington in the
BM-C-42 block and currently the rig Sea Explorer is conducting tests and seeking
to collect additional information; 
* 1-OGX-11D-SPS: the Natal prospect is being drilled by the rig Ocean Quest in
the BM-S-59 block of the Santos Basin. Drilling was initiated on April 9th and
has resulted in the detection of hydrocarbons in the Santonian section; 
* 1-OGX-15-RJS: the Santa Helena prospect is being drilled by the rig Ocean
Ambassador in the BM-C-41 block of the Campos Basin. Drilling begun on June 18th
and has resulted in the detection of hydrocarbons in the Albian and Aptian
sections; 
* 1-OGX-16-RJS: the Califórnia prospect, the first to be drilled by OGX in the
Parnaíba Basin, is being drilled by the rig QG-1 in the PN-T-68 block. Drilling
commenced on July 5th; 
* 1-OGX-17-RJS: the Belém prospect is being drilled by the rig Ocean Star in the
BM-S-56 of the Santos Basin. Drilling was initiated on July 22nd; 
* 1-OGX-18-RJS: the Ingá prospect is being drilled by the rig Ocean Lexington in
the BM-C-40 block of the Campos Basin. Drilling began on July 29th and has
allowed the identification of hydrocarbons in the Santonian and Albian
sections.

Regarding the expansion of our portfolio, we highlight the acquisition of 5
exploratory blocks in Colombia, during the Open Round Colombia 2010, which
represented an important step in the expansion of the Company`s exploration
beyond Brazil`s borders. These blocks are located in the Cesar-Ranchería, Lower
Magdalena Valley and Middle Magdalena Valley Basins, and together comprise an
area of approximately 12.5 thousand km² in onshore sedimentary basins at
different stages of maturity, offering significant exploratory potential. OGX
has committed to a total investment of approximately US$125 million over an
initial three-year exploratory phase which involves the acquisition of seismic
data and the drilling of wells. 

Based on excellent results from the first wells drilled, we contracted a sixth
semi-submersible drilling rig, Pride Venezuela, from Pride International. The
rig will be available to OGX beginning in the third quarter of 2010 for a period
of up to one year and will facilitate advancement of the delineation program. At
the same time, the rig will allow OGX to continue identifying new exploratory
prospects in the Campos and Santos Basins. OGX also secured a jack-up drilling
unit, a platform that is ideal for drilling in the water depths that will be
encountered in the Pará-Maranhão Basin. The Ocean Scepter, provided by Diamond
Offshore, will be made available to OGX as of December 2010 for a period of one
year and can be extended for an additional year. 

In the coming months, noteworthy events will include the conclusion of the
ongoing drilling in the Campos, Santos and Parnaíba basins, as well as
initiation of the drilling of 14 more wells through the end of the year.
Additional tests and studies will be conducted in order to provide a better
understanding of drilled prospects. 

Operational Security

Given the recent discussions of offshore petroleum exploration, it was announced
that, in addition to complying with all the Brazilian legal requirements related
to operational safety, we utilize sophisticated risk management practices to
identify, categorize and mitigate possible undesirable events related to
drilling operations. 

The Company has also fostered a highly collaborative environment, working
hand-in-hand with teams of world renowned service and equipment suppliers. In
addition, OGX has invested massively in technology and in highly skilled
professionals while utilizing best practices in the management and execution of
its exploratory campaign. 

Included in our security measures are the following practices: 

(i) Implementation of an Integrated Operational Support Center at our
headquarters, uniting renowned companies that monitor local drilling activities
in real time, 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, thus minimizing operational
risks, accelerating decision-making process and facilitating technical support
from other distinguished support centers around the world; 

(ii) Planning the development of well projects using highly standardized
operational procedures, culminating in the simulation of all operations to be
executed in the wells, through meetings coordinated by OGX, which include
representatives of all individual enterprises that will participate in the
execution of the project; 

(iii) Hiring of a leading global consulting firm in the offshore well control
market to provide engineering expertise, consultancy and technical support in
the planning and execution of all operational drilling aspects as well as
monitoring of all phases of well drilling in the Santos Basin. OGX provided the
firm with the ability to monitor operations in real time from Houston, Texas
through the Company`s Integrated Operational Support Center; 

(iv) Adoption of a drilling monitoring model which requires one dedicated
operations manager per rig to supervise drilling activities from the Company`s
headquarters. Each operations manager possesses more than 25 years of experience
in the oil & gas industry; 

(v) Tight control of operations, allowing changes in the original drilling
program only after written confirmation and with the participation and
authorization of all involved parties. Changes in global best practices are
quickly evaluated and deployed in the drilling programs where appropriate; 

(vi) Systematic audits by independent teams of well drilling activity, beginning
with the initial planning phase and extending through the execution phase on the
rig. The latest one, done in June 2010, included representatives of the OGX
service provider companies who were not involved in the aforementioned projects,
allowing for impartiality and total independence in the recommendations; 

(vii) Usage of oil spill recovery equipment and firefighting systems in all its
eight rig support boats, providing greater agility and efficiency in the event
of a potential incident. 

The Company maintained the following Offshore Insurance Program: (i) Material
damages aiming to protect OGX`s assets and third parties` assets for which the
Company is responsible; (ii) Civil Responsibility Liability damage to third
parties; and (iii) Insurance for well control, which covers the occurrence of
accidents such as kick and blowout, eruption of the well due to uncontrolled
pressure, which can lead to its abandonment. 

During the first half of 2010, OGX and Aon, its Risk Advisor, a leading
insurance broker, worked closely to differentiate the Company risks, also
demonstrating how the risk management techniques that OGX had developed and
implemented during the drilling campaign had delivered high safety standards.
OGX carried out a mid-term review of its existing insurance program resulting in
US$ 1.5 million estimated savings over the next 12 months. The timing of this
review was challenging given the recent impact of the Gulf of Mexico event over
the insurance market. 

"The favorable terms achieved in our Insurance Program reflect the recognition
by the market of an exploratory campaign highly focused on operational
excellence and safety", commented Paulo Mendonça, General Executive Officer. 

Environment

An Environmental Impact Study (EIA) and the respective Report of Environmental
Impact (RIMA) necessary for the environmental licensing of the activity of
integrated development production and offloading of oil and natural gas in the
area of the blocks BM-C-39, BM-C-40, BM-C-41, BM-C-42 and BM-C-43, in the Campos
Basin. These studies were filed with the Brazilian Institute of Environment and
Renewable Resources (IBAMA) within the legally established time. To date, we are
awaiting the response of the General Coordination of Petroleum and Gas
Commission of IBAMA. 

Financial Performance

"We ended the period with R$6.1 billion in cash, equivalent to US$3.4 billion.
The investment of our financial resources in fixed income securities yielded a
return of approximately 105% of CDI, generating financial revenues of R$145
million. The intensification of our exploratory campaign has resulted in many
important discoveries and contributed to a significant increase in our
capitalized expenses. Our financial position remains strong and will support our
exploratory activities and initial production development," said Marcelo Torres,
Chief Financial Officer of OGX. 

The following financial information is presented in accordance with the
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) set by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and represents the first consolidated and
audited results presented by the Company in accordance with these standards.

                                                                                                              
 Main Accounts                          2Q10             2Q09              Variance           1H10            
 Net Financial Results                  135,547         (107,357  )      242,904           285,370        
 Exploration Expenses                   (25,252  )      (12,594   )      (12,658  )        (48,666   )    
 General and Administrative Expenses    (57,119  )      (52,896   )      (4,223   )        (121,655  )    
 Net profit (loss) for the period       57,790          (177,528  )      235,318           114,677        


                                                                              
 Main Accounts                06/30/2010    12/31/2009    Variance            
 Intangibles                  3,159,413     2,099,599     1,059,814          
 Cash and cash equivalents    6,110,919     7,337,901     (1,226,982  )      


Net Financial Result 

The net financial result of R$135.5 million in the quarter was impacted by three
main factors: interest income of R$145 million, the impact of marking-to-market
the fair value results of the financial instruments of R$4 million and net
losses on hedging of future commitments in foreign currency (U.S. dollars) of
R$13.5 million and others of R$8 million. 

Exploratory Expenses 

The increase in exploratory expenses is primarily due to the seismic activities
in the Espiríto Santo and Parnaíba Basins. Also impacting this account is rent
paid to ANP for our exploration blocks, the guaranteed commission for the
Minimum Working Program, and to a lesser extent, expenses related to technical,
environmental and information technology consulting services associated to the
concessions. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and Administrative expenses were predominantly driven by the increase in
the number of employees to 184, which created higher personnel and office
related expenses. Additionally under IFRS, the stock option plans (R$24.4 on the
quarter) granted by the company and by the controlling shareholder are
considered administrative expenses and are accounted for accordingly, although
the latter is not dilutive for the shareholders and with no impact on the
Company`s cash position. 

Net Profit 

Net profit for the period was R$57.8 million resulting from financial results of
R$135.5 million plus Minority Interest of R$10 million, partially offset by
Exploratory Expenses of R$25.2 million, General and Administrative Expenses of
R$57.1 million, and Income Tax and Social Contribution of R$5.4 million. The
increase in net profit on a year-over-year basis was due to the decrease in
financial expenses to R$15.7 million from R$315.4 in the same period of 2009. 

Intangibles 

Intangible assets represent capitalized costs incurred during the
pre-operational period related to concession rights acquisition and well costs
incurred during the drilling campaign. The increase in intangibles during the
first half of 2010 was mainly due to the intensification of the drilling
campaign, equivalent to R$ 1,014.4 million, and to a lesser extent, the
mobilization of rigs amounting to R$ 45.4 million. In accordance with IFRS, the
values related to the Minimum Working Program were excluded in this account. 

Cash 

The consolidated cash position of the Company and its subsidiary totaled R$6.1
billion, equivalent to US$3.4 billion, sufficient to fund the entire exploratory
campaign and initial production development. These cash resources are invested
in a fixed-income fund that has yielded an accumulated gross average return of
105.05% of Interbank Deposit Rate (CDI) equivalent to R$145 million.

                                                                                                                                  
 Assets                                                                            06/30/2010             12/31/2009              
 Total Assets                                                                      9,775,472             9,770,098              
                                                                                                                                  
 Current Assets                                                                    6,363,892             7,564,268              
                                                                                                                                  
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                         6,110,919             7,337,901              
 Recoverable taxes                                                                 226,052               209,076                
 Financial derivative instruments                                                  -                     -                      
 Others                                                                            26,921                17,291                 
 Non-current Assets                                                                3,411,580             2,205,830              
                                                                                                                                  
 Inventory                                                                         230,567               85,354                 
 Investments                                                                       -                     1,000                  
 Property, plant and equipment                                                     21,600                19,917                 
 Intangibles                                                                       3,159,413             2,099,559              
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
 Liabilities + Shareholders` Equity                                                06/30/2010             12/31/2009              
 Total Liabilities and Shareholders` Equity                                        9,775,472             9,770,098              
                                                                                                                                  
 Current                                                                           424,495               581,406                
 Suppliers                                                                         370,769               151,262                
 Taxes and contributions payable                                                   14,345                40,116                 
 Compensations & benefits                                                          15,264                23,960                 
 Financial instruments - derivatives                                               8,221                 300,757                
 Others                                                                            15,896                65,311                 
 Non-current                                                                       (1,150      )         2,402                  
 Related parties                                                                   4,670                 2,402                  
 Minority Interest                                                                 (5,820      )         -                      
 Shareholders` equity                                                              9,352,127             9,186,290              
 Capital                                                                           8,801,480             8,799,004              
 Capital reserves                                                                  227,315               250,569                
 Retained earnings (losses)                                                        320,026               248,171                
 Cumulative conversion adjustments                                                 83                    -                      
 Accumulated profit                                                                3,223                 (111,454       )       
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
 P&L                                                        2Q10                   2Q09                   1H10                    
 Operating income (expenses)                                                                                                      
 Exploration expenses                                       (25,252        )      (12,594     )         (48,666        )       
 General and administrative                                 (57,120        )      (52,896     )         (121,655       )       
 Equity Method                                              -                     -                     -                      
 Financial Income                                           151,292               208,017               586,935                
 Financial expenses                                         (15,745        )      (315,374    )         (301,565       )       
                                                                                                                                  
 Profit (loss) before income tax and social contribution    53,175                (172,847    )         115,049                
 (-) Income tax and social contribution                     (5,346         )      (4,681      )         (10,393        )       
                                                                                                                                  
 Net profit (loss) before Minority Interest                 47,829                (177,528    )         104,656                
 Minority Interest                                          9,960                 -                     10,021                 
 Net profit (loss) for the period                           57,789                (177,528    )         114,677                
 Number of shares *                                         3,232,423,600         32,319,606            3,232,423,600          
 Profit (loss) per lot of thousand shares - R$              0.01788               (5.49       )         0.03548                
 *stock split in the proportion of 1:100                                                                                                


 Conference Call Information:                                                                            
 Thursday, August 12th - 10:00h (Brazilian Time); 09:00h (NY Time)                                       
 Telephone USA: +1 888-700-0802                                                                          
 Telephone Brazil: +55 11 4688-6341                                                                      
 Telephone Other Countries: +1 786-924-6977                                                              
 Access Code: OGX                                                                                        
 Webcast: www.ccall.com.br/ogx/2q10.htm                                                                  
 Audio will be available two hours after the conference call on: http://ri.ogx.com.br/enu/s-10-enu.html  
 The conference call will be held in English with simultaneous translation to Portuguese.                


ABOUT OGX

OGX Petróleo e Gás SA is focused on oil and natural gas exploration and
production and is conducting the largest private sector exploratory campaign in
Brazil. OGX has a diversified, high-potential portfolio, comprised of 29
exploratory blocks in the Campos, Santos, Espírito Santo, Pará-Maranhão and
Parnaíba Basins, in Brazil, and 5 exploratory blocks in Colombia, Middle
Magdalena Valley, Lower Magdalena Valley and Cesar-Ranchería basins. The total
extension area is of approximately 7,000 km² in sea and approximately 34,000 km²
in land, with 21,500 km² in Brazil and 12,500 km² in Colombia. OGX relies on an
experienced management team and holds a solid cash position, with approximately
US$3.4 billion in cash to fund its E&P investments and new opportunities. In
June 2008, the company went public raising R$6.7 billion, the largest amount
ever raised in a Brazilian primary IPO at that moment. OGX is a member of the
EBX Group, an industrial group founded and under the leadership of Brazilian
entrepreneur Eike F. Batista, who has a proven track record in developing new
ventures in the natural resources and infrastructure sectors. For more
information, please visit www.ogx.com.br/ri

LEGAL NOTICE

This document contains Company-related statements and information that reflect
the current vision and/or expectations the Company and its management have
regarding its business plan. These include, among others, all forward-looking
statements that involve forecasts and projections, indicate or imply results,
performance or future achievements, and may contain words such as "believe,"
"foresee," "expect," "consider," "is likely to result in" or other words or
expressions of similar meaning. Such statements are subject to a series of
expressive risks, uncertainty and premises. Please be advised that several
important factors can cause the actual results to diverge materially from the
plans, objectives, expectations, estimations, and intentions expressed in this
document. In no event shall the Company or the members of its board, directors,
assigns or employees be liable to any third party (including investors) for
investment decisions or acts or business carried out based on the information
and statements that appear in this presentation, or for indirect damage, lost
profit or related issues. The Company does not intend to provide to potential
shareholders with a revision of the statements or an analysis of the differences
between the statements and the actual results. You are urged to carefully review
OGX's offering circular, including the risk factors included therein. This
presentation does not purport to be all-inclusive or to contain all the
information that a prospective investor may desire in evaluating OGX. Each
investor must conduct and rely on its own evaluation, including of the
associated risks, in making an investment decision.

OGX:
Investors:
Marcelo Torres, marcelo.torres@ogx.com.br
Luiz Garcia, luiz.garcia@ogx.com.br
Juliana Schmith, juliana.schmith@ogx.com.br
+55 21 2555 6237
or
Media:
Camila Manfredini, camila.manfredini@ogx.com.br
+55 21 2555 4673 



Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>