<doc>
<title>Neil Young and John Tyson to Help Gulf Coast Residents</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-11</date>
<snippet>... Young and John Tyson, chairman of Tyson Foods, Inc., (NYSE:TSN) are teaming up to help fight hunger in Gulf Coast communities affected by the recent oil spill. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    

Music legend Neil Young and John Tyson, chairman of Tyson Foods, Inc.,
(NYSE:TSN) are teaming up to help fight hunger in Gulf Coast communities
affected by the recent oil spill.

Tyson Foods plans to donate 100,000 pounds of chicken products in conjunction
with special concerts Young has planned in late September in Mobile, Alabama;
Panama City and Pensacola, Florida; and Biloxi, Mississippi. The food will be
distributed to the Bay Area Food Bank, which serves Central Gulf Coast
communities in Alabama, Florida and Mississippi.

In addition, concert-goers are encouraged to bring non-perishable food items,
which will subsequently be given to the food bank. All proceeds from the sale of
unique, limited edition Neil Young t-shirts, available only at the concerts,
will also be donated to the food bank.

The hunger relief effort is the result of the long-standing friendship between
Neil Young and John Tyson.

"Millions of people who live along the Gulf Coast struggle with hunger and the
economic impact of the oil spill has only made matters worse," said Young. "I
appreciate the willingness of John Tyson and his company to get involved by
helping the regional food bank help feed those in need. John is truly a
'southern man' with a 'heart of gold'. We both encourage concert-goers to spend
money locally and support local business."

"Neil and I have known each other for many years and both wanted to do something
to help those whose livelihoods have been damaged by the oil spill," said Tyson.
"We decided it made sense to combine Neil's widely-known musical talents with
our company's ongoing commitment to hunger relief."

Tyson will be delivering four truckloads of chicken, the equivalent of almost
400,000 meals, to the Bay Area Food Bank.

Information about tickets, as well as the dates and locations of the
specially-scheduled concerts, can be found by clicking on the following link:
http://www.neilyoung.com/tour.html

Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN), founded in 1935 with headquarters in Springdale,
Arkansas, is one of the world's largest processors and marketers of chicken,
beef and pork, the second-largest food production company in the Fortune 500 and
a member of the S&P 500. The company produces a wide variety of protein-based
and prepared food products and is the recognized market leader in the retail and
foodservice markets it serves. Tyson provides products and services to customers
throughout the United States and more than 90 countries. The company has
approximately 117,000 Team Members employed at more than 400 facilities and
offices in the United States and around the world. Through its Core Values, Code
of Conduct and Team Member Bill of Rights, Tyson strives to operate with
integrity and trust and is committed to creating value for its shareholders,
customers and Team Members. The company also strives to be faith-friendly,
provide a safe work environment and serve as stewards of the animals, land and
environment entrusted to it.

The Tyson Foods, Inc. logo is available at
http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=3224

CONTACT:  Tyson Foods, Inc.
          Gary Mickelson
          479-290-6111
          gary.mickelson@tyson.com




	
    </content>
</doc>