<doc>
<title>Europe Factors -- Shares seen mixed after Fed</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-11</date>
<snippet>... to three days BP Plc's <BP.L> <BP.N> work on a relief well, the final step in permanently killing the source of the world's worst offshore oil spill, the top ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
 (Adds details, quotes; updates snapshot table)

 PARIS, Aug 11 (Reuters) - European equities were set to open mixed on
Wednesday following the previous session's losses, as investors digested the
U.S. Federal Reserve's more pessimistic assessment of the economic recovery.

 In a post-meeting statement on Tuesday, the Fed's Open Market Committee also
said it would begin funneling proceeds from maturing mortgage bonds into
longer-term government debt to keep borrowing costs low, but the plan got a
lukewarm response from U.S. stocks, suggesting investors didn't believe the
Fed's move would have much immediate impact.

 "The move was not the traditional form of QE that many had expected and is
instead being branded as QE lite," CMC Markets analyst James Hughes wrote in a
note.

 In Asia, investors seemed relieved by fresh data from China, which confirmed
its economic growth was moderating but showed no signs hard landing risks,
although Japan's Nikkei sharply fell, hurt by the yen's strength against the
dollar. [ID:nTOE67A01A]

 Financial spreadbetters expected Britain's FTSE 100 .FTSE to open 2 to 4
points lower, Germany's DAX .GDAXI to open down 3 points to up 3 points, and
France's CAC-40 .FCHI to open 5 to 9 points higher.

 


 ----------------------MARKET SNAPSHOT AT  0545 GMT----------------------  

                                      LAST        PCT CHG         NET CHG 

 S&amp;P 500                  .SPX  1,121.06         -0.6 %           -6.73 

 NIKKEI                  .N225  9,301.18        -2.62 %         -249.87 

 MSCI ASIA EX-JP .MIASJ0000PUS    490.18        -0.91 %           -4.52 

 EUR/USD                  EUR=     1.311        -0.50 %         -0.0066 

 USD/JPY                  JPY=     85.26        -0.26 %         -0.2200 

 10-YR US TSY YLD    US10YT=RR     2.743             --           -0.03 

 10-YR BUND YLD      EU10YT=RR     2.542             --            0.00 

 SPOT GOLD                XAU= $1,201.30        -0.05 %          -$0.55 

 US CRUDE                 CLc1    $79.89        -0.45 %           -0.35 

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------   

 


 GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar dips after Fed; Asian stocks fall [ID:nSGE67A00T]

 Wall St ends lower after Fed, but off session lows      [ID:nN10168722]

 Nikkei drops over 2 pct after Fed; yen worry drags      [ID:nTOE67A02I]

 Dollar dips vs yen; Fed steps toward more easing        [ID:nTOE67A01F]

 Bonds rise after Fed says to buy long-dated debt        [ID:nN10169852]

 Oil hovers near $80; U.S. crude imports up              [ID:nSGE67A00Z]

 Gold inches up after Fed's move; physicals cautious     [ID:nSGE67A03I]

 METALS-Copper edges up after Fed's move, China data     [ID:nSGE67A00N]

 


 COMPANY NEWS:

 


 BP (BP.L)

 An approaching storm in the Gulf of Mexico will delay by two to three days
BP Plc's (BP.L) (BP.N) work on a relief well, the final step in permanently
killing the source of the world's worst offshore oil spill, the top U.S. spill
official said on Tuesday. For details, see: [ID:nN10152215]

 


 NESTLE (NESN.VX)

 The global food giant struck a note of confidence for the rest of the year
after strong demand for its brands in emerging markets boosted its sales in the
first half. For details, see: [ID:nLDE67811N]

 


 ADECCO (ADEN.VX)

 Adecco (ADEN.VX) said the recovery of the global economy was encouraging
industrial companies to take on temporary hires, helping it to a
forecast-beating quarterly profit.

 


 NOBEL BIOCARE(NOBN.VX)

 Swiss dental implant maker Nobel Biocare(NOBN.VX) said demand for treatments
could pick up, adding to signs the beleaguered market is returning to growth.
For related news, click on [NOBN.VX-LEN-RTRS]

 


 KLOECKNER &amp; CO (KCOGn.DE)

 Europe's biggest independent steel trader, raised its profit margin forecast
for this year after recovery in the automotive and engineering sectors boosted
second-quarter operating profit. For details, see: [KCOGn.DE-LEN-RTRS]

 


 ENEL (ENEI.MI)

 Sovereign funds and private equity are in contact with the utility about
taking a stake in its renewable unit Enel Green Power or guiding the price for
the unit's IPO, a source close to the operation said on Tuesday. For details,
see: [ENEI.MI]

 


 SIEMENS (SIEGn.DE)

 The company will build wind turbines to supply as much as 600 megawatts (MW)
of energy for the Canadian province of Ontario under an agreement reached with
Samsung C&amp;T (000830.KS). For details, see: [ID:nN10221642]

 


 (Reporting by Blaise Robinson)






			Stocks
			
	
    </content>
</doc>