<doc>
<title>Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Saks, Landry's Restaurants, Buffalo ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-11</date>
<snippet>... Sales at Restaurant and Hospitality group rose 5.1% to $236.9 million, despite being hurt by the Gulf oil spill at its three locations. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.zacks.com/
CHICAGO--(Business Wire)--
Zacks.com Analyst Blog features: Saks Inc. (NYSE: SKS), Landry's Restaurants
Inc. (NYSE: LNY), Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. (Nasdaq: BWLD), BJ`s Restaurants Inc.
(Nasdaq: BJRI) and Union Pacific Corp. (NYSE: UNP). 

Get the most recent insight from Zacks Equity Research with the free Profit from
the Pros newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=4579

Here are highlights from Tuesday`s Analyst Blog:

Saks Reports Higher Sales

Saks Inc. (NYSE: SKS) reported total sales of $167.9 million for the month of
July 2010, which was 4.8% higher than $160.2 million in the same period a year
ago. The company`s comparable store sales grew 6.4% for the month. 

During the four week period, the company saw growth in women`s shoes and
sportswear, handbags, dresses, men's apparel, footwear and accessories. However,
in the months of May and June, Saks spent less on promotional activity. 

Saks` sales totaled $583.4 million for the second quarter. On a quarter-to-date
basis, sales were up 4.8% from $556.4 million posted in the comparable period of
last fiscal year. Comparable store sales jumped 4.6% for the quarter. This was
due to a 2.5% rise in comparable store sales in June and a 5.8% leap in
comparable store sales in May. 

The company now estimates comparable store sales growth in the mid-single digit
range for fiscal 2010, including single digit expansion in the second quarter
and mid-single digit increase in the second half of the fiscal year. 

For the first six months of fiscal 2010, the company`s sales were $1.24 billion,
compared to $1.17 billion in the same period of fiscal 2009, representing a
year-over-year rise of 5.9%. Year-to-date comparable store sales climbed 5.4%. 

Saks will announce its second quarter results on Aug 17, 2010. Saks should see a
substantial improvement in sales in the quarter as the company reported a rise
in sales in all the three months of the quarter. However, given the uncertainty
in the economy, customers are still staying away from discretionary purchases. 

Landry`s Posts Mixed Q2

Landry's Restaurants Inc. (NYSE: LNY) reported second-quarter 2010 adjusted loss
of 1 cent per share, much lower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of earnings of
25 cents and the year-ago quarterly profit of 20 cents. On a GAAP basis, net
loss per share was 87 cents versus net earnings of 41 cents recorded in the
comparable quarter last year. 

The reported quarter includes expenses like impairment charge, litigation
settlement charge and transaction merger cost. However in the year-ago quarter,
the company recorded a benefit related to asset sales and insurance proceeds. 

Total revenues climbed 4.5% year-over-year to $294.6 million and also topped the
Zacks Consensus Estimate of $288.0 million. Sales at Restaurant and Hospitality
group rose 5.1% to $236.9 million, despite being hurt by the Gulf oil spill at
its three locations. Gaming revenues grew 2.1% to $57.7 million in the reported
quarter. However, the industry continues to struggle with lower consumer
spending and excess supply, which is impacting pricing strength. Same store
sales for company-operated restaurants were flat year over year. 

Adjusted EBITDA of the company inched up only 0.4% from the prior year quarter
to $52.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA of Restaurant and Hospitality group climbed
3.5% to $41.9 million and of gaming operations dropped 8.2% to $11.0 million. 

Interest expense for the quarter increased 3.5% to $29.5 million, attributed to
higher borrowings from the company for the construction of the new Rush Tower at
the Golden Nugget. 

Operating margin contracted 660 basis points (bps) to 5.8%, due to a major rise
in general and administrative expenses. Additionally, other costs like labor
expense, depreciation and amortization, cost of revenue and other operating
expense also increased. 

Financial Position

Landry's Restaurants ended second quarter 2010 with cash and cash equivalents of
$59.5 million and shareholders` equity of $302.6 million. Long-term debt of the
company reduced to $1.0 billion in second quarter 2010 from $1.1 billion in
second quarter 2009. 

Landry's Restaurants`s close competitors Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. (Nasdaq: BWLD)
and BJ`s Restaurants Inc. (Nasdaq: BJRI) reported their second quarter earnings,
which were higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Buffalo`s second quarter
2010 earnings of 50 cents per share were ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate
of 42 cents. Even BJ`s second quarter earnings of 23 cents topped the Zacks
Consensus Estimate of 20 cents. 

Earnings Scorecard: Union Pacific

Railroad giant Union Pacific Corp. (NYSE: UNP) reported excellent results for
the second quarter 2010, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 19 cents.
Overall, the analysts are bullish on the stock, given the company`s impressive
results. 

The impressive performance was driven by a robust operating ratio, strong growth
in business volume, cost efficiency and pricing gains. Second quarter operating
ratio came in at a historic high-level of 69.4% compared with 77.4% in the
prior-year quarter. This is the first time that Union Pacific achieved a sub-70
benchmark. 

Second Quarter Highlights

Net income surged to a record high of $711 million or $1.40 per share from $465
million or 92 cents per share in the year-ago quarter. Second quarter EPS was
well ahead of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.21. 

Consumer Satisfaction Index was 89% compared with 87% in the year-ago quarter.
Business volume (measured by total revenue carloads) was 2.18 million, up 18%
year over year. 

Total operating revenue was $4,182 million, up 27% year-over-year and also ahead
of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4,097 million. Within this, total Freight
revenue was $3,956 million, up 27% year over year. 

Agreements of Analysts

In synergy with the company`s impressive results, the recent Zacks Consensus
Estimate revision trend for EPS remains positive. Out of 24 analysts covering
the stock, 22 revised their estimates upward for the third quarter of fiscal
2010 over the last 30 days. Similarly, for the fiscal year 2010, 23 of 24
analysts raised their estimates. None of the analysts revised their EPS
estimates downward. 

Union Pacific represents an attractive long-term investment with a diversified
commodity mix and the largest tailwind from legacy contract re-pricing of any
Class I rail. Furthermore, Union Pacific remains committed to making long-term
investments in the companies that support operating efficiencies, growth and
returns. Given the backdrop of positive pricing growth, improving volumes and
continued productivity gains, management reiterated its target of achieving a
low-70s operating ratio by 2012 (from 76.0% in FY09). 

Want more from Zacks Equity Research? Subscribe to the free Profit from the Pros
newsletter: http://at.zacks.com/?id=5514. 

About Zacks Equity Research

Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis
to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term. 

Continuous coverage is provided for a universe of 1,150 publicly traded stocks.
Our analysts are organized by industry which gives them keen insights to
developments that affect company profits and stock performance. Recommendations
and target prices are six-month time horizons. 

Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest
analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today:
http://at.zacks.com/?id=5516

About Zacks

Zacks.com is a property of Zacks Investment Research, Inc., which was formed in
1978 by Leonard Zacks. As a PhD in mathematics Len knew he could find patterns
in stock market data that would lead to superior investment results. Amongst his
many accomplishments was the formation of his proprietary stock picking system;
the Zacks Rank, which continues to outperform the market by nearly a 3 to 1
margin. The best way to unlock the profitable stock recommendations and market
insights of Zacks Investment Research is through our free daily email
newsletter; Profit from the Pros. In short, it's your steady flow of Profitable
ideas GUARANTEED to be worth your time! Register for your free subscription to
Profit from the Pros at http://at.zacks.com/?id=4580. 

Visit http://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance
numbers displayed in this press release. 

Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/zacksresearch

Join us on Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts

Disclaimer: Past performance does not guarantee future results. Investors should
always research companies and securities before making any investments. Nothing
herein should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security.

Zacks.com
Mark Vickery
Web Content Editor
312-265-9380
Visit: www.zacks.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>