<doc>
<title>Cellect Plastics LLC`s Opflex Foam to Assist in Dalian, China Oil ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-10</date>
<snippet>... Cellect Plastics is honored to provide a technology that is part of an environmentally responsible global solution for oil pollution and oil spill cleanup. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
WEST HYANNISPORT, Mass.--(Business Wire)--
Cellect Plastics LLC (CELLECT) has received orders totaling $1 million for its
Opflex oil absorbing foam for immediate shipment and deployment in the Dalian
crude oil cleanup from China Environmental Protection Fuel Group Ltd. (CEPFG).
CEPFG placed the orders as a result of successful trials using the Opflex
sorbent products in the Dalian harbor, beaches, and surrounding coastline in the
Dalian Oil Port. CELLECT`s entire Opflex product line proved to be efficient and
effective at removing crude oil in all of the applications where it was tested. 

Scott Smith, owner and CEO of CELLECT stated, "Cellect Plastics is honored to
provide a technology that is part of an environmentally responsible global
solution for oil pollution and oil spill cleanup. I consider China my long term
partner in setting new standards for environmentally responsible low carbon
impact solutions for oil pollution and oil spill cleanup." 

The critical testing of Opflex was conducted during two days, August 7th and
August 8th, under the direction of CEPFG and observed by local Dalian fishermen
and citizens. Upon witnessing the performance of the Opflex products absorbing
the crude oil in various locations, CEPFG approved Opflex for full scale use in
the cleanup efforts. The two day testing and introduction of CELLECT to CEPFG
was arranged by Glenn Wattley and West Bay Energy, LLC of Osterville, MA. CEPFG
Chairman Wenting Li said, "We now accept the use of Opflex in China just as BP
America Inc. did in the Gulf of Mexico." 

The Opflex product line includes Opflex BOOM, Opflex MOP, Opflex SWEEPS, Opflex
MITTS, and Opflex PADS. Mr. Smith and Mr. Wattley demonstrated the effectiveness
of the Opflex products with the local Dalian fishermen. Mr. Smith may be the
only person in the world to have personally participated, and received approvals
for new materials for use, in the oil spill cleanup in the Gulf of Mexico and
Dalian, China. 

Opflex is a very efficient, cost-effective, lightweight open celled foam than
can be reused and biodegrades over time in a landfill environment. Oil collected
by Opflex products can be wrung out in a press or centrifuge. Opflex is a true
absorbent, meaning the foam absorbs the oil and holds it even in strong currents
or rough waters, while conventional pom-poms and conventional sorbent booms tend
to be adsorbents meaning only the outer surfaces are coated with oil. Opflex
BOOM and Opflex MOP products provide significantly more surface area than their
conventional counterparts. Opflex can be used in conjunction with other products
and is not designed or intended to completely replace conventional products. 

About Cellect Plastics LLC

Cellect Plastics LLC, established in February 2001, is a global leader in the
development and manufacture of specialty low carbon impact foams including
biodegradable foams that contain a biodegradable initiator that activates in a
landfill. These markets include medical and healthcare, consumer, flooring and
carpet underlayment, gaskets and seals, automotive and transportation, building
and construction, sports and recreation, and military and electronics packaging.
Cellect Plastics LLC employs approximately 70 people and operates a
manufacturing and distribution facility in St. Johnsville, New York. Cellect
Plastics LLC is solely owned by Scott C. Smith. For more information visit
www.cellectplastics.com or for information about the technology or for media
requests, please contact William P. Ramey, III of Novak Druce + Quigg LLP at
713-571-3400. 

About Cellect Technologies LLC

Cellect Technologies LLC, established in 2006, is a global technology leader in
licensing intellectual property related to polymeric materials. For information
about the technology and for media requests, please contact William P. Ramey,
III of Novak Druce + Quigg LLP at 713-571-3400. 

Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available:
http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=6392428&lang=en

Cellect Plastics LLC
Scott Smith
Owner/Chief Executive Officer
SSmith@cellectplastics.com
or
Novak Druce + Quigg LLP
William Ramey, 713-571-3400
Partner
william.ramey@novakdruce.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>