<doc>
<title>Fitch Rates Anadarko's Unsecured Note Offering 'BBB-'</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-10</date>
<snippet>... The Negative Outlook stems from the uncertainties relating to the Macondo oil spill in the US Gulf of Mexico and Anadarko's ultimate cost responsibilities ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
CHICAGO--(Business Wire)--
Fitch Ratings has assigned a 'BBB-' rating to Anadarko's (NYSE: APC) seven-year
senior unsecured note offering totaling approximately $2 billion. The notes will
contain standard investment grade covenants that are consistent with APC's last
debt offering in March 2010. 

Fitch currently rates APC and its subsidiary Kerr-McGee Corp. as follows: 

Anadarko Petroleum Corp. 

--Issuer Default Rating (IDR) 'BBB-'; 

--Sr. Unsecured 'BBB-'; 

--Bank Loan 'BBB-'. 

Kerr-McGee Corp. 

--IDR 'BBB-'; 

--Sr. Unsecured 'BBB-'. 

The Rating Outlooks is Negative. 

Today's offering will be used to refinance the company's midstream note payable
due 2012 totaling slightly over $1.3 billion with the remainder to also be
targeted for upcoming maturing debt. The current ratings reflect the company's
strong liquidity, size and asset position as well as its cash flow generating
capability. Liquidity consists of cash on hand of nearly $3.4 billion as of June
30, 2010 and the new $5 billion secured revolver due 2015 that will be undrawn
at closing around the end of this month. Maturities are estimated to be $504
million yet in 2010, approximately $707 million in 2011 and $1,349 million in
2012. Additional liquidity could be derived from the company's significant
global asset base including unencumbered acreage positions as well as both
booked and unbooked reserves worldwide. Balance sheet debt amounted to
approximately $12.3 billion at June 30, 2010 with LTM EBITDA of slightly over $6
billion. 

The Negative Outlook stems from the uncertainties relating to the Macondo oil
spill in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Anadarko's ultimate cost responsibilities
relating to its 25% share in the well. As of now, there exists a wide range of
possible liabilities to Anadarko including the possibility of very de minimis
amounts should BP be found to have been grossly negligent with regard to its
actions in drilling the Macondo well. Should Anadarko have to ultimately pay its
full 25% share of certain spill-related costs, Fitch currently believes the
company has the capacity to fund requirements of up to $6 billion via the use of
existing cash balances and asset sales of largely non-producing properties and
still remain investment grade. The Negative Outlook reflects the potential for
Anadarko's Macondo spill-related costs to exceed this threshold. Additionally,
if debt balances were to increase beyond current levels the rating would be
pressured and could be downgraded. Also, if asset sales are required to help
fund Macondo-related costs, Fitch would expect those assets to be largely
non-producing properties. If not, ratings could likely be downgraded. Finally,
any future weakness in commodity prices that would materially reduce the
company's cash flow could also act as a catalyst to downgrade the company's
ratings. 

The following applicable criteria reports are available at
'www.fitchratings.com': 

--'Corporate Rating Methodology' (Nov. 24, 2009); 

--'Rating Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Companies', dated April 6,
2010. 

Additional information is available at 'www.fitchratings.com'. 

Related Research: 

Corporate Rating Methodology 

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=489018

Rating Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Companies: Sector Credit Factors 

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=509845

ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.
PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK:
HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING
DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S
PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND
METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF
CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE
AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF
CONDUCT' SECTION OF THIS SITE.

Fitch Ratings
Sean T. Sexton, CFA, 1-312-368-3130
Adam Miller, 1-312-368-3113 (Chicago)
Media Relations:
Cindy Stoller, +1-212-908-0526 (New York)
cindy.stoller@fitchratings.com



Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>