<doc>
<title>Energy XXI Reports Fiscal Year-end Reserves, Unaudited Preliminary ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-09</date>
<snippet>... To date, none of the company's production, drilling activities or future plans has been materially affected by the deepwater Gulf of Mexico oil spill. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
Energy XXI Reports Fiscal Year-end Reserves, Unaudited Preliminary Results and
Capital Budget Data

  --  Reserve additions replaced 385 percent of production
  --  Full-year volumes rise 13 percent to average 21,800 BOE per day
  --  Fiscal 2010 EBITDA estimated at $284 million
  --  Fiscal 2011 initial capital budget set at $250 million
  --  Exploration and development program advances 


Energy XXI (Nasdaq:EXXI) (LSE:EXXI) today provided key preliminary fiscal 2010
year-end data and discussed its fiscal 2011 capital program and operations.

Year-end Reserves

The company's June 30, 2010 fiscal year-end proved reserves were estimated at
75.6 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE), up 42 percent from the 53.1
million BOE estimated at June 30, 2009. During fiscal year 2010, Energy XXI
added 30.4 million BOE of proved reserves through acquisitions, discoveries,
extensions of existing fields and revisions, while producing 7.9 million BOE,
equating to a 385 percent proved reserves replacement rate.

Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI), independent oil and gas
consultants, engineered 87 percent of the company's proved reserves, on a
valuation basis, with the remainder engineered in-house. All of the company's
proved reserves are in the United States, 70 percent are proved developed, 63
percent are oil and natural gas liquids, and 37 percent are natural gas.
Attached tables provide additional reserves detail, including cost-incurred
data.

"We added nearly four times as many reserves as we produced during the year,"
Energy XXI Chairman and CEO John Schiller said. "Notably, our success drilling
for ultra-deep exploration targets on the shallow-water Gulf of Mexico shelf is
expected to drive major additional future increases."

NSAI estimated the Davy Jones discovery on South Marsh Island Block 230 in 20
feet of water offshore Louisiana holds as much as 841 million BOE (104 million
BOE net to the company) of contingent and prospective resources based on data
obtained to-date. Additional data or a flow test of the well may be required
before the contingent resources can be moved to the proved, probable or possible
reserves categories, and future drilling activity could add significantly to the
discovery's size.

Reserves Data

The following fiscal-year-ended June 30, 2010 estimates of proved, probable and
possible reserves attributable to the company's net interests in oil and gas
properties were prepared primarily by NSAI, in conjunction with in-house
reservoir engineers.

                                        June 30, 2010             

                            Oil      Gas    Equivalent     PV10   
                           (MBBL)   (MMCF)    (MBOE)    ($000)(1) 
                           ------  -------  ----------  --------- 

  Proved Developed                                                
   Producing               26,162   47,118      34,015  1,079,155 
  Proved Developed                                                
   Non-Producing           10,808   46,492      18,557    402,661 
  Proved Undeveloped       10,513   75,173      23,042    367,100 
  Proved Reserves          47,483  168,783      75,614  1,848,916 
  Probables                 8,652   47,040      16,492    403,223 
  Proved + Probables       56,135  215,823      92,106  2,252,139 
  Possibles                 5,169   40,957      11,995    279,528 
  Total Resources          61,304  256,780     104,101  2,531,667 

  (1)  Before tax, using prices of $75.75/barrel of oil and       
   $4.10/Mcf of natural gas, before differentials, based on a     
   first-of-the-month average for the 12 months preceding June    
   30, 2010.                                                      

Unaudited Preliminary Fiscal 2010 Data

The company expects to announce after the market close on Sept. 7, 2010, its
results for the fiscal fourth quarter and year ended June 30, 2010, and today
provided unaudited preliminary estimates for certain key data. Earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization (EBITDA) for fiscal
2010 is estimated at $284 million, including about $79 million in the 2010
fiscal fourth quarter. Revenues are estimated to have totaled $499 million for
the full fiscal year, including $139 million in the 2010 fiscal fourth quarter.
Production volumes are estimated to have averaged 21,800 BOE per day for the
full fiscal year and 25,300 BOE per day for the 2010 fiscal fourth quarter. At
the June 30, 2010 fiscal year-end, Energy XXI had $14.2 million of cash on hand
and $109.5 million drawn against its $350 million revolving credit facility.

"With production impacted by a third-party pipeline outage for most of the
quarter, which was remedied by our completion of a pipeline lateral in mid June,
Energy XXI still delivered solid volumes and cash flows in the fiscal fourth
quarter," Schiller said.

Capital Program Estimates

The company's board of directors has approved an initial fiscal 2011 capital
program of $250 million, compared with $145.1 million invested in fiscal 2010,
excluding acquisitions.

"Our fiscal 2011 capital program includes roughly $190 million of spending
within our core producing property portfolio, plus about $60 million for
high-impact ultra-deep exploration and development activities on the
shallow-water Gulf of Mexico shelf," Schiller said.

Approximately 44 percent of the fiscal 2011 budget targets development drilling,
including the delineation well at the Davy Jones discovery. About 17 percent
targets exploration drilling, which includes the Blackbeard East and Lafitte
prospects.   Another 7 percent is for well workovers and recompletions, while
about 5 percent is earmarked for facilities and 4 percent is for seismic and
land acquisition. The remainder is for abandonment, capitalized administrative
and other costs.

Shelf Exploration and Development Activity

Energy XXI has remained active within its core producing properties and has
received permits to perform workovers, recompletions and sidetracks for wells in
its Main Pass 61, South Timbalier 21, East Cameron 334 and Eugene Island 275 and
330 fields. To date, none of the company's production, drilling activities or
future plans has been materially affected by the deepwater Gulf of Mexico oil
spill.

Within the ultra-deep shelf program, including Davy Jones and Blackbeard West,
the McMoRan-operated partnership (in which the company has various interests)
has identified 15 sub-salt prospects in shallow water near existing
infrastructure. The partnership's near-term sub-salt-shelf drilling plans
include the Blackbeard East and Lafitte exploratory wells and the delineation
well at Davy Jones.

In February 2010, the Davy Jones discovery well on South Marsh Island Block 230
was drilled to a total depth of 29,000 feet. As reported in January 2010,
McMoRan logged 200 net feet of pay in multiple Eocene/Paleocene (Wilcox) sands
in the well. In March 2010, a production liner was set and the well was
temporarily abandoned until necessary equipment for the completion is available.
Flow testing will be required to confirm the ultimate hydrocarbon flow rates
from the well. Long-lead-time equipment needed to complete, test and produce the
well has been ordered, with first flow expected in the third calendar quarter of
2011.

On April 7, 2010, the partnership commenced drilling the Davy Jones offset
appraisal well (Davy Jones #2) on South Marsh Island Block 234, two and a half
miles southwest of the discovery well. The well is drilling below 12,000 feet on
its way to a proposed total depth of 29,950 feet. Davy Jones #2 is expected to
test similar sections up-dip to the discovery well, as well as deeper
objectives, including potential additional Wilcox and possibly Cretaceous
(Tuscaloosa) sections.

Davy Jones involves a large structure encompassing four lease blocks (20,000
acres). Energy XXI is funding 14.1 percent of the exploratory costs to earn a
15.8 percent working interest and 12.6 percent net revenue interest in Davy
Jones. The company's investment in both wells at Davy Jones to date has totaled
about $23 million.

The Blackbeard East exploration well commenced drilling on March 8, 2010 and is
drilling below 19,000 feet. The well, which is located in 80 feet of water on
South Timbalier Block 144, has a proposed total depth of 29,950 feet, targeting
Middle and Deep Miocene objectives seen below 30,000 feet in Blackbeard West,
nine miles away, as well as younger Miocene objectives.

Energy XXI is funding 16 percent of the exploratory costs to earn an 18 percent
working interest and 14.35 percent net revenue interest in Blackbeard East. The
company's investment in the well to date has totaled about $10 million.

The Lafitte exploration well is expected to commence drilling in 2010 with
Energy XXI funding 16 percent of the exploratory costs to earn an 18 percent
working interest and a 14.6 percent net revenue interest. Like Blackbeard East,
Lafitte will target Middle and Deep Miocene objectives. Lafitte is located on
Eugene Island Block 223 in 140 feet of water.

Forward-Looking Statements

All statements included in this release relating to future plans, projects,
events or conditions and all other statements other than statements of
historical fact included in this release are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
statements are based upon current expectations and are subject to a number of
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including changes in long-term oil and gas
prices or other market conditions affecting the oil and gas industry, reservoir
performance, the outcome of commercial negotiations and changes in technical or
operating conditions, among others, that could cause actual results, including
project plans and related expenditures and resource recoveries, to differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Energy XXI
assumes no obligation and expressly disclaims any duty to update the information
contained herein except as required by law.

Competent Person Disclosure

The technical information contained in this announcement relating to operations
adheres to the standard set by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Tom
O'Donnell, Vice President of Corporate Development, a registered Petroleum
Engineer, is the qualified person who has reviewed and approved the technical
information contained in this announcement.

About the Company

Energy XXI is an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production
company whose growth strategy emphasizes acquisitions, enhanced by its
value-added organic drilling program. The company's properties are located in
the U.S. Gulf of Mexico waters and the Gulf Coast onshore. Seymour Pierce is
Energy XXI's listing broker in the United Kingdom.  To learn more, visit the
Energy XXI website at www.EnergyXXI.com.

The Energy XXI logo is available at
http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=3587

                 ENERGY XXI (BERMUDA) LIMITED               
    CONSOLIDATED COSTS INCURRED, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND   
                        PROVED RESERVES                     
                         (Unaudited)                        


                                  Year Ended June 30,       
                             ------------------------------ 

                                2010       2009      2008   
                             ----------  --------  -------- 
                                     (In Thousands)         
  Oil and Gas Activities                                    
    Exploration costs           $51,030  $121,554  $114,639 

    Development costs            92,949   168,134   205,681 
                             ----------  --------  -------- 
      Total                     143,979   289,688   320,320 

  Administrative and Other        1,133     1,610     9,758 
                             ----------  --------  -------- 
      Total capital                                         
       expenditures             145,112   291,298   330,078 
                             ----------  --------  -------- 
  Property acquisitions                                     
    Proved                      250,795        --    38,124 

    Unproved                     42,242        --     1,892 
                             ----------  --------  -------- 

      Total acquisitions        293,037        --    40,016 
                             ----------  --------  -------- 
  Asset retirement                                          
   obligations, insurance                                   
   proceeds                                                 
  and other -- net               17,650    46,502    13,774 
                             ----------  --------  -------- 

      Total costs incurred     $455,799  $337,800  $383,868 
                             ==========  ========  ======== 




                                     Crude    Natural          
                                      Oil       Gas     Total  
                                    (MBbls)   (MMcf)    (MBOE) 
                                    -------  --------  ------- 
  Proved reserves at June 30, 2007   30,340   151,832   55,645 
    Production                      (4,959)  (27,716)  (9,578) 
    Extensions and discoveries        2,520     7,410    3,755 
    Revisions of previous                                      
     estimates                        1,909  (11,033)       70 
    Sales of reserves                  (21)     (141)     (45) 

    Purchases of minerals in place      176     8,846    1,651 
                                    -------  --------  ------- 
  Proved reserves at June 30, 2008   29,965   129,198   51,498 
    Production                      (4,146)  (17,472)  (7,058) 
    Extensions and discoveries          971    32,383    6,368 
    Revisions of previous                                      
     estimates                        4,147  (10,447)    2,406 

    Sales of reserves                  (64)     (247)    (105) 
                                    -------  --------  ------- 
  Proved reserves at June 30, 2009   30,873   133,415   53,109 
    Production                      (5,352)  (15,534)  (7,941) 
    Extensions and discoveries          644     4,559    1,404 
    Revisions of previous                                      
     estimates                        3,123     5,200    3,990 

    Purchases of minerals in place   18,195    41,143   25,052 
                                    -------  --------  ------- 

  Proved reserves at June 30, 2010   47,483   168,783   75,614 
                                    =======  ========  ======= 

  Proved developed reserves                                    
    June 30, 2007                    20,978    96,751   37,103 
    June 30, 2008                    19,793    77,991   32,792 
    June 30, 2009                    20,183    82,432   33,922 
    June 30, 2010                    36,970    93,610   52,572 

Glossary

Reserves:

Proved Oil and Gas Reserves -- Those quantities of crude oil and gas, which, by
analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable
certainty to be economically producible -- from a given date forward, from known
reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and
government regulations -- prior to the time at which contracts providing the
right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably
certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used
for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced
or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project
within a reasonable time. This definition has been abbreviated from the
definition of "Proved oil and gas reserves" contained in Rule 4-10(a)(22) of SEC
Regulation S-X.

Proved Developed Reserves -- Reserves are categorized as proved developed if
they are expected to be recovered from existing wells.

Probable Reserves -- Those additional reserves that are less certain to be
recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as
likely as not to be recovered. This definition has been abbreviated from the
applicable definition contained in Rule 4-10(a)(18) of SEC Regulation S-X.

Possible Reserves -- Those additional reserves that are less certain to be
recovered than probable reserves. This definition has been abbreviated from the
applicable definition contained in Rule 4-10(a)(17) of Regulation S-X.

Contingent Resources -- Those quantities of petroleum estimated, as of a given
date, to be potentially recoverable from known accumulations, but the applied
projects are not yet considered mature enough for commercial development due to
one or more contingencies. Contingent resources may include, for example,
projects where commercial recovery is dependent on technology under development,
or where evaluation of the accumulation is insufficient to clearly assess
commerciality.

Prospective Resources -- Those quantities of petroleum estimated, as of a given
date, to be potentially recoverable from undiscovered accumulations by
application of future development projects. Prospective resources have both an
associated chance of discovery and a chance of development.

Other terms:

Barrel -- unit of measure for oil and petroleum products, equivalent to 42 U.S.
gallons.

BOE -- barrels of oil equivalent, used to equate natural gas volumes to liquid
barrels at a general conversion rate of 6,000 cubic feet of gas per barrel.

BOE/d -- barrels of oil equivalent per day.

Field -- an area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all
grouped on, or related to, the same individual geological structural feature or
stratigraphic condition. The field name refers to the surface area, although it
may refer to both the surface and the underground productive formations.

MBBL -- thousand barrels of oil.

MBOE -- thousand barrels of oil equivalent.

CF -- thousand cubic feet of gas.

MMBOE -- million barrels of oil equivalent.

MMCF -- million cubic feet of gas.

PV10 -- the estimated present value of the resource, discounted at a 10 percent
annual rate.

CONTACT:  Energy XXI
          Stewart Lawrence, Vice President, Investor Relations and 
           Communications
          713-351-3006
          slawrence@energyxxi.com

          Seymour Pierce
          Nominated Adviser:
          Jonathan Wright
          Jeremy Porter
          Corporate Broking:
          Richard Redmayne
          +44 (0) 20 7107 8000

          Pelham Bell Pottinger
          James Henderson
            jhenderson@pelhambellpottinger.co.uk
          Mark Antelme
            mantelme@pelhambellpottinger.co.uk
          +44 (0) 20 7861 3232




	
    </content>
</doc>