<doc>
<title>Command Center Announces Profitable Second Quarter</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-09</date>
<snippet>... accounts." Mr. Welstad also said that clean-up activities in response to the Gulf Oil Spill had a "definite positive impact" on second quarter results. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100809005699/en

Company Reports Operating Income of $1.51 Million; Revenue Up 54%
POST FALLS, Idaho--(Business Wire)--
Command Center, Inc. (OTCBB: CCNI), an emerging provider of on-demand, reliable
labor solutions, today announced its results for the second quarter of 2010. 

For the thirteen weeks ended June 25, 2010, total revenue was $19.04 million, an
increase of 54% over the revenue of $12.39 million for the thirteen weeks ended
June 26, 2009. For the period, the Company reported a net profit of $336,123, or
$0.01 per share, based on 47,424,222 weighted average common shares outstanding,
compared to a net loss of $1.48 million, or ($0.04) per share, based on
36,488,679 weighted average common shares outstanding in the like year-ago
period. 

The company reported second quarter income from operations of $1.51 million
versus a loss from operations of $964,642 in the second quarter of 2009. A
non-cash charge of $726,906 recorded in Q2 `10 was attributable to a change in
fair value of warrant liability. 

For the twenty-six week period ended June 25, 2010, Command Center reported
total revenue of $30.94 million, an increase of 23% over the revenue of $25.21
million in the comparable year-ago period. Net loss for the six months was $1.40
million, or ($0.03) per share, based on 42,447,440 weighted average common
shares outstanding, compared to a net loss of $3.57 million, or ($0.10) per
share, based on 36,398,337 in the same period last year. 

The company reported income from operations of $959,612 in the first half of
2010 versus a loss from operations of $2,608,452 in the first half of 2009.
Non-cash charges totaling $1,729,173 were recorded in the first half of 2010 and
were attributable to loss on debt extinguishment and a change in fair value of
warrant liability. 

"Obviously, we are extremely pleased," said Command Center Chairman and CEO,
Glenn Welstad. "In this uncertain economy, our strict attention to cost
management, growth of core business and expansion into new areas, particularly
event services and disaster relief, has been critical to producing such strong
quarterly results. Of course, attainment of these goals would not have been
possible without the support and hard work of all our workers throughout the
system, both in the office and out in the field." 

Mr. Welstad noted significant improvements in key operating areas. Core business
revenue in the quarter was up 23.5% over last year. The company reported a gross
profit margin of 26.7% in the second quarter of 2010 versus 23.3% in the second
quarter of 2009. "Even with a 54% increase in sales, there was a reduction in
SG&A expenses in Q2 `10 to $3.7 million, or 19.7% of revenue, from $3.8 million,
or 31% of revenue, in Q2 of last year. Most importantly, this was accomplished
without compromising our commitment and ability to deliver exceptional service
to all of our customers, both local and national accounts." 

Mr. Welstad also said that clean-up activities in response to the Gulf Oil Spill
had a "definite positive impact" on second quarter results. "Additionally, it
has strengthened our relationships with several major environmental contractors
with whom we expect to continue working not only along the Gulf Coast, but in
other areas of the country as well." 

About Command Center, Inc.

The Company provides on-demand employment solutions to businesses in the United
States, primarily in the areas of light industrial, disaster relief, hospitality
and event services. Additional information on Command Center is available at
www.commandonline.com. 

This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include
statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or
performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than
statements of historical facts. These statements are subject to uncertainties
and risks including, but not limited to, the severity and duration of the
general economic downturn, the availability of worker's compensation insurance
coverage, the availability of capital and suitable financing for the Company's
activities, the ability to attract, develop and retain qualified store managers
and other personnel, product and service demand and acceptance, changes in
technology, the impact of competition and pricing, government regulation, and
other risks set forth in the Form 10KSB filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on April 9, 2010 and in other statements filed from time to time with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. All such forward-looking statements,
whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf of the Company, are
expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary
statements which may accompany the forward-looking statements. In addition, the
Company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof.

 Command Center, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Balance Sheets                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                           June 25, 2010                  December 25, 2009             
                                                                                                                                           (Unaudited)                                                  
 Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Current Assets:                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Cash                                                                                                                                      $       31,132               $       69,971              
 Restricted cash                                                                                                                           150,000                       -                            
 Accounts receivable trade, net of allowance for bad debts of $370,000 at June 25, 2010 and $300,000 at December 25, 2009                  3,012,837                     5,025,113                    
 Other receivables - current                                                                                                               37,438                        37,059                       
 Prepaid expenses, deposits, and other                                                                                                     490,681                       213,409                      
 Prepaid workers' compensation                                                                                                             912,246                       224,074                      
 Current portion of workers' compensation risk pool deposits                                                                               1,200,000                     1,300,000                    
 Total current assets                                                                                                                      5,834,334                     6,869,626                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Property and Equipment, Net                                                                                                               535,775                       877,827                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Other Assets:                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Workers' compensation risk pool deposits                                                                                                  1,760,477                     2,318,805                    
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                  2,500,000                     2,500,000                    
 Intangible assets - net                                                                                                                   247,992                       323,937                      
 Total other assets                                                                                                                        4,508,469                     5,142,742                    
 Total assets                                                                                                                              $       10,878,578           $       12,890,195          
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)                                                                                                                                                         
 Current Liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Accounts payable                                                                                                                          $       1,637,314            $       2,174,504           
 Checks issued and payable                                                                                                                 41,534                        -                            
 Line of credit facility                                                                                                                   -                             2,907,521                    
 Accrued wages and benefits                                                                                                                1,080,490                     694,079                      
 Other current liabilities                                                                                                                 224,491                       224,491                      
 Current portion of note payable                                                                                                           -                             9,520                        
 Short-term note payable, net of discount                                                                                                  824,677                       1,025,000                    
 Short-term note liquidity redemption payable                                                                                              -                             186,939                      
 Stock warrant liability                                                                                                                   1,458,231                     413,026                      
 Workers' compensation and risk pool deposits payable                                                                                      1,032,627                     501,423                      
 Current portion of workers' compensation claims liability                                                                                 1,200,000                     1,300,000                    
 Total current liabilities                                                                                                                 7,499,364                     9,436,503                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Long-Term Liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Note payable, less current portion                                                                                                        -                             71,447                       
 Common stock to be issued                                                                                                                 -                             922,000                      
 Workers' compensation claims liability, less current portion                                                                              2,800,000                     2,800,000                    
 Total long-term liabilities                                                                                                               2,800,000                     3,793,447                    
 Total liabilities                                                                                                                         10,299,364                    13,229,950                   
 Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 4, 6, 9 and 10)                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)                                                                                                                                                                         
 Preferred stock - 5,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value, authorized; no shares issued and outstanding                                        -                             -                            
 Common stock - 100,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value, authorized; 51,444,368 and 37,212,922 shares issued and outstanding, respectively    51,444                        37,213                       
 Additional paid-in capital                                                                                                                53,728,130                    51,446,437                   
 Accumulated deficit                                                                                                                       (53,200,360          )        (51,823,405          )       
 Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                                                                                      579,214                       (339,755             )       
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)                                                                                      $       10,878,578           $       12,890,195          
                                                                                                                                                                                                    


See notes to unaudited financial statements

 Command Center, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                
 Statements of Operations (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                  Thirteen Weeks Ended                                           Twenty-six Weeks Ended                                          
                                                                  June 25,                        June 26,                     June 25,                          June 26,                    
                                                                  2010                            2009                         2010                              2009                        
 Operating Revenue:                                                                                                                                                                          
 Operating Revenue:                                                                                                                                                                          
 Revenue from staffing services                                   $       18,989,787            $       12,365,592         $       30,868,672              $       25,158,658        
 Other income                                                     49,413                         25,781                      70,284                           56,019                     
 Total operating revenue                                          19,039,200                     12,391,373                  30,938,956                       25,214,677                 
 Cost of Staffing Services:                                                                                                                                                                  
 Temporary worker costs                                           12,872,662                     8,486,143                   21,421,336                       17,379,577                 
 Workers' compensation costs                                      988,198                        1,018,654                   1,415,427                        1,707,141                  
 Other direct costs of services                                   102,353                        4,409                       152,722                          29,131                     
 Total cost of staffing services                                  13,963,213                     9,509,206                   22,989,485                       19,115,849                 
 Gross Profit                                                     5,075,987                      2,882,167                   7,949,471                        6,098,828                  
                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses:                                                                                                                                              
 Personnel costs                                                  1,764,712                      1,895,150                   3,501,036                        4,178,887                  
 Selling and marketing expenses                                   46,502                         9,527                       129,217                          69,811                     
 Transportation and travel                                        430,579                        289,317                     538,135                          569,341                    
 Office expenses                                                  251,698                        205,433                     367,264                          512,764                    
 Legal, professional and consulting                               268,218                        95,484                      457,096                          414,376                    
 Depreciation and amortization                                    143,694                        204,768                     286,859                          415,547                    
 Rents and leases                                                 375,617                        396,153                     785,540                          1,224,980                  
 Other expenses                                                   283,373                        625,768                     924,712                          1,321,574                  
 Total selling, general, and administrative expenses              3,564,393                      3,721,600                   6,989,859                        8,707,280                  
                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Income (Loss) from Operations                                    1,511,594                      (839,433             )      959,612                          (2,608,452           )     
                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Other Income (Expense):                                                                                                                                                                     
 Interest expense and other financing expense                     (448,565             )         (250,583             )      (607,394             )           (569,344             )     
 Loss on debt extinguishment                                      -                              (518,251             )      (844,798             )           (518,251             )     
 Change in fair value of warrant liability                        (726,906             )         126,000                     (884,375             )           126,000                    
 Interest and other income (expenses)                             -                              -                           (19,156              )           -                          
                                                                  (1,175,471           )         (642,834             )      (2,355,723           )           (961,595             )     
                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Net Income (Loss)                                                $       336,123               $       (1,482,267  )      $       (1,396,111  )           $       (3,570,047  )     
                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Basic and Diluted Earning (Loss) per Share:                      $       0.01                  $       (0.04       )      $       (0.03       )           $       (0.10       )     
                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding:    47,424,222                     36,488,679                  42,447,440                       36,398,337                 


Investor Relations Contact:
Market Makers
Jimmy Caplan, 512-329-9505
jcap@austin.rr.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>