<doc>
<title>Fitch Affirms Anadarko's IDR at 'BBB-'; Outlook Remains Negative</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-06</date>
<snippet>The Rating Outlook remains Negative due to the uncertainties relating to potential costs associated with the Macondo oil spill in the US Gulf of Mexico. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
CHICAGO--(Business Wire)--
Fitch Ratings has affirmed the long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) and
associated debt ratings of Anadarko Petroleum (Anadarko) at 'BBB-'. The Rating
Outlook remains Negative due to the uncertainties relating to potential costs
associated with the Macondo oil spill in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 

Fitch has affirmed the following ratings: 

Anadarko Petroleum Corp. 

--Long-term IDR at 'BBB-'; 

--Sr. unsecured debt 'BBB-'; 

--Bank Loan at 'BBB-'. 

Kerr-McGee Corp. 

--Long-term IDR at 'BBB-'; 

--Sr. unsecured debt at 'BBB-'. 

The Rating Outlook is Negative. 

The affirmation follows news that Anadarko will be replacing its existing $1.3
billion unsecured revolver due 2013 with a $5 billion secured revolver due 2015.
Additionally, the company has received a commitment for a six-year $1.5 billion
secured term loan to help refinance the company's midstream note payable due
2012. Fitch views the upsized secured revolver as a bridge for potential asset
sales should it become necessary to help fund large Macondo-related costs. It is
Fitch's intent to assign a 'BBB' rating to the secured facilities when they
close. The current ratings reflect the company's strong liquidity, size and
asset position as well as its cash flow generating capability. Liquidity will
consist of cash on hand of nearly $3.4 billion as of June 30, 2010 and the new
$5 billion secured revolver due 2015 that will be undrawn at closing. Maturities
are estimated to be $504 million yet in 2010, approximately $707 million in 2011
and $1.349 billion in 2012. Additional liquidity could be derived from the
company's significant global asset base, including significant unencumbered
acreage positions as well as both booked and unbooked reserves worldwide that
can be readily sold and raise several billion dollars if necessary. Balance
sheet debt currently amounts to approximately $12.3 billion with LTM EBITDA of
slightly over $6 billion. 

The Negative Outlook stems from the uncertainties relating to the Macondo spill
and Anadarko's ultimate cost responsibilities relating to its 25% share in the
well. Currently, there exists a wide range of possible liabilities to Anadarko,
including the possibility of very de minimis amounts should BP be found to have
been grossly negligent with regard to its actions in drilling the Macondo well.
Should Anadarko have to ultimately pay its full 25% share of certain spill
related costs, Fitch currently believes the company has the capacity to fund
requirements of up to $6 billion via the use of existing cash balances and asset
sales of largely non-producing properties and still remain investment grade. The
Negative Outlook reflects the potential for Anadarko's Macondo spill-related
costs to exceed this threshold. Additionally, if debt balances were to increase
beyond current levels the rating would be pressured and could be downgraded.
Also, if asset sales are required to help fund Macondo-related costs, Fitch
would expect those assets to be largely non-producing properties. If not,
ratings could likely be downgraded. Finally, any future weakness in commodity
prices that would materially reduce the company's cash flow could also act as a
catalyst to downgrade the company's ratings. 

In rating this issuer, Fitch used the master criteria 'Corporate Rating
Methodology', dated Nov. 24, 2009 and 'Rating Oil and Gas Exploration and
Production Companies', dated April 6, 2010 both of which are available on
'www.fitchratings.com'. 

Additional information is available at 'www.fitchratings.com'. 

Related Research: 

Corporate Rating Methodology 

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=489018

Rating Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Companies: Sector Credit Factors 

http://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=509845

ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS.
PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK:
HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING
DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S
PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND
METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF
CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE
AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF
CONDUCT' SECTION OF THIS SITE.

Fitch Ratings, Chicago
Sean T. Sexton, CFA, 312-368-3130
Adam Miller, 312-368-3113
or
Media Relations:
Cindy Stoller, 212-908-0526, New York
Email: cindy.stoller@fitchratings.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>