<doc>
<title>AIG Reports $2.7 Billion Net Loss Attributable to AIG for the ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-06</date>
<snippet>... Chartis has incurred a net property loss of $23 million related to the Deepwater Horizon explosion and subsequent oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100806005338/en

NEW YORK--(Business Wire)--
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) today reported a net loss attributable
to AIG of $2.7 billion for the second quarter of 2010, or $(3.96) per diluted
common share, compared to net income of $1.8 billion, or $2.30 per diluted
common share, in the second quarter of 2009. The second quarter 2010 loss was
primarily due to a $3.3 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge included in
discontinued operations. 

Second quarter 2010 adjusted net income was $1.3 billion (compared to $1.1
billion in the second quarter of 2009), including operating income of $2.2
billion from continuing insurance operations, Mortgage Guaranty operating income
of $226 million, $604 million in income from the Asia life insurance operating
segment (principally American International Assurance Company, Ltd. (AIA)), and
fair value gains on Maiden Lane III of $358 million, partially offset by
interest and amortization on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) Credit
Facility and third party debt, invested asset impairment charges and other net
restructuring and legal settlement charges, and a decrease in the net deferred
tax asset. 

Second Quarter Results

                                                                                                  Per Diluted Share                   
 (in millions, except per share data)                                      2010          2009           2010*               2009  
 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG                                  $  (2,656)    $  1,822    $     (3.96)        $     2.30  
 To compute adjusted net income (loss), add losses and deduct gains:                                                              
 Net realized capital losses, net of tax                                   (564)         (899)                                    
 Net gain (loss) on sale of divested businesses, net of tax**              93            (327)                                    
 Non-qualifying derivative hedging gain (loss), net of tax                 (102)         676                                      
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations***                         (3,420)       1,229                                    
 Adjusted net income attributable to AIG                                $  1,337      $  1,143    $     1.99          $     1.71  


*Computed based on net income (loss) available to common shareholders after
attribution of net income (loss) to Series C preferred shareholder.

** 2010 includes $228 million termination fee paid by Prudential plc to AIG.

*** Discontinued operations is comprised of American Life Insurance Company
(ALICO) and Nan Shan Life Insurance Company (Nan Shan) and includes a $3.3
billion impairment charge related to goodwill that had been allocated to ALICO.

Recap of Second Quarter Results Comprising Adjusted Net Income Attributable to
AIG

 (in millions)                                                                                 2010        2009     
 Continuing insurance pre-tax operating income:                                                                     
 General Insurance                                                                          $  955      $  1,014    
 Domestic Life Insurance & Retirement Services                                                 1,054       254      
 AIG Star and AIG Edison                                                                       216         239      
 Sub-Total - Continuing Insurance                                                              2,225       1,507    
 Financial Services                                                                            42          (103)    
 Asia (AIA and AIRCO)                                                                          604         314      
 FRBNY interest and amortization                                                               (755)       (1,374)  
 Noncontrolling nonvoting, callable, junior and senior preferred interests held by FRBNY       (508)       -        
 Interest on third party debt                                                                  (557)       (547)    
 Other                                                                                         594         1,042    
 Income taxes                                                                                  (308)       304      
 Adjusted net income attributable to AIG                                                    $  1,337    $  1,143    


Since the income tax effects of current period activity are generally offset
with changes in AIG's deferred tax asset valuation allowance due to limitations
in AIG's ability to fully recognize income taxes, all amounts in this press
release are before income taxes, unless otherwise noted. 

As a result of the announced sales of ALICO and Nan Shan, the results of these
entities are reported as discontinued operations, with comparative periods
revised accordingly, and are not included in the Recap of Second Quarter Results
table above. ALICO and Nan Shan reported net losses of $2.8 billion and $259
million, respectively, in the second quarter of 2010 compared to net income of
$718 million and $79 million, respectively, in the second quarter of 2009.
ALICO`s results for the second quarter of 2010 included a $3.3 billion
impairment charge related to goodwill that had been allocated to ALICO. Without
the charge, ALICO`s pre-tax income increased significantly over 2009, largely
due to lower realized capital losses and higher investment returns from trading
gains. Nan Shan`s second quarter 2010 results were driven by a negative sale
price adjustment. 

AIG`s continuing insurance operations earned $2.2 billion before tax in the
second quarter of 2010, compared to $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2009. 

GENERAL INSURANCE

Chartis' second quarter 2010 operating income before net realized capital gains
(losses) was $955 million compared to $1.0 billion in the second quarter of
2009. Chartis incurred approximately $287 million of catastrophe losses in the
quarter, principally related to the floods in the Southeastern United States,
Hurricane Alex, U.S. hailstorms, the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion, and
the Icelandic volcano. Chartis has incurred a net property loss of $23 million
related to the Deepwater Horizon explosion and subsequent oil spill in the Gulf
of Mexico. Chartis continues to monitor the casualty exposure to Deepwater
Horizon and believes that carried loss reserves at June 30, 2010 are adequate to
cover estimated losses attributable to this event. However, AIG`s claims
estimates may change over time, as the forensic investigation is incomplete, the
cleanup is incomplete, and the litigation has only just begun. Excluding
catastrophe losses, Chartis` operating results before net realized capital gains
(losses) increased 22 percent from the second quarter of last year, primarily
driven by an improvement in partnership income. 

The second quarter of 2010 combined ratio was 102.0 compared to 98.2 in the
prior year period. The current period combined ratio, excluding catastrophe
losses, was 98.3, compared to 98.2 in the prior year. Chartis` expense ratio
increased by 2.0 points from the prior year period, to 29.9, driven by a decline
in earned premiums, long term incentive compensation costs, higher acquisition
expenses related to a change in mix of business, and higher general expenses
from implementation of new financial and operational systems. 

Worldwide net premiums written of $7.8 billion declined 1.6 percent compared to
the same period last year. The decline is due to Chartis` risk management
initiatives and continued price discipline in lines where market rates are
unsatisfactory, partially offset by a positive impact from foreign exchange and
strategic growth in higher margin lines of business. Chartis is actively
pursuing risk management initiatives to reduce its aggregate exposure in certain
property and casualty lines of business. While Chartis continues to see improved
premium and account retention, new business submissions, and a relatively stable
rate environment, net premium writings continue to be adversely affected by a
weak economic environment. 

DOMESTIC LIFE INSURANCE & RETIREMENT SERVICES

Domestic Life Insurance & Retirement Services, now branded SunAmerica Financial
Group, reported second quarter 2010 operating income before net realized capital
gains (losses) of $1.1 billion compared to operating income of $254 million in
the second quarter of 2009. The significant improvement reflected an increase in
net investment income from partnerships and a $226 million increase in the fair
value of the retained interest in Maiden Lane II, as well as lower deferred
acquisition costs (DAC) and sales inducement amortization due to higher net
realized capital losses. Net realized capital losses were higher than in the
second quarter of 2009, principally from a $720 million increase from the change
in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities, net of economic hedges, driven
by negative equity market conditions and declines in long term interest rates in
the second quarter of 2010. 

Assets under management grew to $233.8 billion at June 30, 2010, a 10 percent
increase compared to June 30, 2009, primarily due to positive equity market
returns in the later part of 2009 through the first quarter of 2010 and the
rally in the bond markets. Premiums, deposits, and other considerations totaled
$5.0 billion, an increase of 24 percent compared to the second quarter of 2009,
as individual fixed annuities, group retirement products and individual variable
annuities all reported increases in sales. Individual fixed annuity sales
increased, reflecting reinstatements at a number of bank distributors.
Individual variable annuity sales increased due to competitive product
enhancements, reinstatements at a number of key broker-dealers and increased
wholesaler productivity. Surrender rates have improved compared to the prior
year for group retirement products, individual fixed annuities and individual
variable annuities as surrenders have returned to more normal levels. Life
insurance sales were significantly higher than in the second quarter of 2009
driven by higher term and private placement variable universal life sold through
independent distribution. In addition, sales of universal and term life
insurance products through career agent distribution were up significantly from
the second quarter of 2009. 

FOREIGN LIFE INSURANCE & RETIREMENT SERVICES

With the classification of ALICO and Nan Shan as discontinued operations, AIG`s
remaining Foreign Life Insurance & Retirement Services operations are conducted
through AIG Star Life Insurance Co. Ltd (AIG Star), AIG Edison Life Insurance
Company (AIG Edison), AIA and American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd.
(AIRCO). 

In the Japan operating segment, AIG Star and AIG Edison reported second quarter
2010 operating income before net realized capital gains (losses) of $216 million
compared with $239 million in the second quarter of 2009. These results reflect
a reduction in partnership and mutual fund income, as well as a reduction in
policies in-force due to high lapses in 2009. 

Annualized new premiums grew 29 percent to $170 million. Life insurance sales
increased as production in the face to face channels is recovering after the
financial crisis. Medical sales growth was supported by the launch of new
products early in 2010. Annuity sales increased due to a high rate of recapture
of maturing annuities driven by a strong Yen exchange rate and by gradually
improving sales from banks that had previously suspended sales of AIG Star and
AIG Edison products. 

AIG recently announced plans to conduct an initial public offering of AIA, by
seeking a listing of AIA on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, subject to regulatory
approvals and market conditions. In the second quarter, AIA was reclassified as
a continuing operation in the Asia life insurance operating segment, along with
AIRCO, as a result of the termination of the sale agreement with Prudential plc.
Business fundamentals remain strong for the Asia life insurance operating
segment with pre-tax operating income of $604 million, compared to $314 million
in the previous year. AIA generated the vast majority of these earnings, which
doubled from the previous year principally as a result of increased net
investment income and a loss recognition charge in the Philippines in 2009. 

FINANCIAL SERVICES

Financial Services reported pre-tax income of $42 million for the second quarter
of 2010 compared to a pre-tax loss of $103 million during the second quarter of
2009, with operating earnings at International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC)
offset by losses at AIG Financial Products Corp. (AIGFP). 

AIGFP, which continues the process of winding down its businesses and
portfolios, reported a $132 million operating loss in the second quarter of
2010, essentially flat compared to the second quarter of 2009. AIGFP reported
unrealized market valuation gains related to its super senior credit default
swap portfolio of $161 million in the second quarter of 2010, versus unrealized
market valuation gains of $636 million in the second quarter of 2009. Interest
expense on intercompany borrowings and the effect on operating results related
to the continued wind-down of AIGFP`s portfolios were lower during the second
quarter of 2010 compared to the same period in 2009. AIGFP also had positive
results related to the net effect of changes in credit spreads on the valuation
of AIGFP`s assets and liabilities. 

ILFC reported pre-tax operating income of $182 million for the second quarter of
2010 compared to operating income of $335 million in the second quarter of 2009.
On July 6, 2010, ILFC signed an agreement to sell six aircraft to a third party.
Due to current market conditions, ILFC recorded asset impairment losses of $60
million in the second quarter. Also contributing to the lower second quarter
2010 results were increased interest expense and an increase in the provision
for overhauls. At June 30, 2010, ILFC had committed to purchase 115 new aircraft
deliverable from 2011 through 2019, at an estimated aggregate purchase price of
$13.5 billion, the majority of which is due after 2015, with $248 million coming
due through 2011. 

American General Finance, Inc. (AGF) reported an operating loss of $11 million
for the second quarter of 2010 compared to an operating loss of $202 million in
the second quarter of 2009. AGF`s pre-tax loss decreased primarily from a
decline in provision for loan losses as a result of a decrease in the amounts
provided for allowance for loan losses due to favorable trends in the credit
quality of AGF`s finance receivables in the second quarter of 2010. AGF also
benefited from foreign exchange gains on foreign currency denominated debt,
lower fair value provision on finance receivables and expense reductions. These
favorable variances were partially offset by a decline in AGF`s finance charges
reflecting the 2009 sales of real estate portfolios as part of AGF`s liquidity
management efforts. AIG continues to explore strategic alternatives for AGF,
including a potential sale of all or a majority of its $2.4 billion investment
in AGF. Depending on the amount of proceeds to be realized on a potential sale,
AIG may incur a loss, which could be material to its consolidated results of
operations for an individual reporting period. 

OTHER OPERATIONS

United Guaranty Corporation, AIG`s mortgage guaranty insurer, reported pre-tax
income of $226 million for the second quarter of 2010 compared to a pre-tax loss
of $488 million in the same period in 2009, reflecting lower levels of newly
reported delinquencies in the first-lien, second-lien and international
products, higher mortgage cure rates on existing first-lien and international
delinquent loans and the recognition of stop loss limits on certain second-lien
policies, which led to favorable prior year development of $232 million. 

The fair value of AIG`s interest in Maiden Lane III increased $358 million
during the second quarter, compared to $1.0 billion in the prior year quarter. 

Interest expense on the FRBNY Credit Facility was $755 million in the second
quarter of 2010, compared to $1.4 billion in the second quarter of 2009, due
largely to the reduction in the balance when the preferred interests in the AIA
and ALICO SPVs were issued. 

The increase in unallocated corporate expenses reflects a charge recorded in the
second quarter of 2010 in connection with a significant class action lawsuit
related to the 2005 restatement of certain prior year financial statements. The
Asset Management business results in the second quarter of 2010 included an
operating loss before net realized capital gains (losses) of $175 million
compared to a $286 million operating loss in the second quarter of 2009, driven
by a decline in impairments on proprietary real estate investments. 

At June 30, 2010, total equity was $102.7 billion, a $4.6 billion increase from
$98.1 billion at December 31, 2009. 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2010 Results

                                                                                                    Per Diluted Share                      
 (in millions, except per share data)                                      2010          2009             2010*               2009     
 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG                                  $  (799)      $  (2,531)    $     (1.19)        $     (28.29)  
 To compute adjusted net income (loss), add losses and deduct gains:                                                                   
 Net realized capital losses, net of tax                                   (851)         (3,282)                                       
 Net gain (loss) on sale of divested businesses, net of tax                17            (155)                                         
 Fuji bargain purchase gain, net of tax                                    406           -                                             
 Non-qualifying derivative hedging gain (loss), net of tax                 (196)         558                                           
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations**                          (3,105)       1,569                                         
 Adjusted net income (loss) attributable to AIG                         $  2,930      $  (1,221)    $     4.37          $     (8.99)   


* Computed based on net income (loss) available to common shareholders after
attribution of net income (loss) to Series C preferred shareholder.

** Discontinued operations is comprised of ALICO and Nan Shan and includes a
$3.3 billion impairment charge related to goodwill that had been allocated to
ALICO.

Commenting on the second quarter, AIG President and Chief Executive Officer
Robert H. Benmosche said, "AIG`s continuing insurance operating results remain
solid, while the company continues to execute on its restructuring plans and
prepares for separation from the U.S. government. Our overall strategy remains
unchanged. We remain focused on monetizing AIA and ALICO as quickly as possible
in order to repay taxpayers, at values reflecting the unique strengths of these
highly attractive franchises. The sale of ALICO is proceeding as planned and is
expected to close in the fourth quarter. Recently, we decided to re-initiate our
plans to take AIA public, subject to regulatory approval and as market
conditions permit. We were pleased to announce that Mark Tucker was named
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AIA. His public company
experience, track record, relationships, judgment and leadership qualities will
help us accomplish our ambitious goals. In combination, these two transactions
are expected to allow the company to substantially reduce its obligations to the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) and take significant steps toward a
sustainable capital structure. As with previous reductions in the FRBNY
available amount, accelerated amortization of the pre-paid commitment fee will
be triggered when proceeds are applied to pay down the FRBNY Credit Facility
balance and available amount. In addition, in the second quarter, AIG reported a
$3.3 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to ALICO. Partially
offsetting this charge was a fee of $228 million paid by Prudential plc in
connection with the terminated sale of AIA. AIG recorded a bargain purchase gain
on the Fuji acquisition as a retrospective adjustment to its results of
operations for the first quarter of 2010. Neither of these items are included in
adjusted net income attributable to AIG. Finally, as previously announced, we
agreed to settle a significant class action lawsuit related to the 2005
restatement of certain prior year financial statements and are pleased to put
the matter behind us. 

"Importantly, operating earnings at our continuing insurance operations have
remained solid and stable, with $2.2 billion of pre-tax operating earnings
generated by Chartis, SunAmerica Financial Group, AIG Star and AIG Edison. Our
teams continue to work extremely hard to strengthen their franchises through
extensive distribution, client, and employee outreach, in the midst of very
competitive market conditions. Our focus is on continuing to strengthen our core
operations by maintaining or improving their financial strength, improving
efficiency and transparency, and better balancing risk and return. In addition,
we are excited about the opportunity to take AIA public and are working hard in
preparation. Despite the change in our path toward monetization, AIA`s business
fundamentals, market leadership, financial position, and profitability remain
strong. 

"UGC reported a profit for the second consecutive quarter, as residential
mortgage trends showed signs of improvement, and is focused on differentiating
itself through improved risk selection, effective loss mitigation and claims
management. 

"We were pleased to announce that aviation industry veteran Henri Courpron
joined as President and Chief Executive Officer of ILFC. We expect ILFC to
continue its market leadership in the aircraft leasing industry under Henri`s
leadership. 

"AIGFP continues to make progress on its wind-down and de-risking activities. At
the appropriate time, we plan for AIG to directly assume the management of the
investment and debt portfolios, leaving only the derivatives portfolio within
Capital Markets. 

"We remain focused on further stabilizing and strengthening our businesses while
continuing our restructuring activities, closing the pending transactions, and
developing plans to address our highly leveraged capital structure. In
accordance with our longstanding commitment to repay our obligations to the U.S.
government, in recent weeks, we have commenced discussions with the FRBNY, the
Department of the Treasury and the trustees of the AIG Credit Facility Trust
with respect to a proposed strategy to repay the FRBNY Credit Facility and allow
the government to exit its owner relationship with AIG." 

PROGRESS ON MANAGEMENT`S PLANS FOR STABILIZATION OF AIG AND REPAYMENT OF ITS
OBLIGATIONS

Since September 2008, AIG has been working to protect and enhance the value of
its key businesses, execute an orderly asset disposition plan, and position
itself for the future. AIG continually reassesses its plan to maximize value
while maintaining flexibility in its liquidity and capital. 

AIA Transactions:

* On June 1, 2010, Prudential proposed revised terms to acquire AIA. AIG`s Board
of Directors declined the proposal. On June 2, 2010, AIG and Prudential
terminated the transaction. As a result, AIG concluded that it is no longer
probable that it will close a sale of AIA within twelve months. Accordingly, AIA
is no longer being presented as held for sale or as a discontinued operation. 
* In July 2010, AIG announced plans to conduct an initial public offering of
AIA, by seeking a listing of AIA on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, subject to
regulatory approvals and market conditions.

Status of Unwinding AIGFP:

* AIGFP reduced the notional amount of its derivative portfolio by 36 percent
from approximately $940.7 billion at December 31, 2009, to approximately $602.4
billion at June 30, 2010, including a reduction in the super senior credit
default swap portfolio notional amount from $183.5 billion to $89.5 billion. 
* AIGFP reduced the number of trade positions in its portfolio by 26 percent
from approximately 16,100 at December 31, 2009 to approximately 11,900 at June
30, 2010. 
* Net collateral posted by AIGFP declined from $15.9 billion at December 31,
2009 to $13.6 billion at June 30, 2010.

Status of Government Support:

* As of June 30, 2010, AIG had outstanding net borrowings under the FRBNY Credit
Facility of $20.5 billion, plus accrued interest and fees of $6.0 billion. Net
borrowings under the FRBNY Credit Facility decreased by $1.2 billion from June
30, 2010 to July 28, 2010. 
* As of June 30, 2010, the remaining available amount under the Department of
the Treasury Commitment related to Series F Preferred Stock was $22.3 billion.

Additional supplementary financial data is available in the Investor Information
section at www.aig.com.

It should be noted that the report of AIG`s results may include projections and
statements which may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections and
statements are not historical facts but instead represent only AIG`s belief
regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently
uncertain and outside AIG`s control. These projections and statements may
address, among other things, the outcome of the transactions with the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York (FRBNY) and the United States Department of the
Treasury (Department of the Treasury); the number, size, terms, cost, proceeds
and timing of dispositions and their potential effect on AIG`s businesses,
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity (and AIG at
any time and from time to time may change its plans with respect to the sale of
one or more businesses); AIG`s long-term business mix which will depend on the
outcome of AIG`s asset disposition program; AIG`s exposures to subprime
mortgages, monoline insurers and the residential and commercial real estate
market; the separation of AIG`s businesses from AIG parent company; AIG`s
ability to retain and motivate its employees; AIG`s strategy for customer
retention, growth, product development, market position, financial results and
reserves; and AIG`s exposure to the Deepwater Horizon explosion. It is possible
that AIG's actual results and financial condition will differ, possibly
materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in
these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results
to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and
statements include: a failure to close transactions contemplated in AIG`s
restructuring plan; developments in global credit markets; and such other
factors as discussed throughout Part I, Item 2. Management`s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Part II, Item 1A.
Risk Factors of AIG`s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
30, 2010, in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of AIG`s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors
of AIG`s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. AIG is
not under any obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to update or
alter any projection or other statement, whether written or oral, that may be
made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise. 

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international insurance
organization with operations in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions. AIG
companies serve commercial, institutional and individual customers through one
of the most extensive worldwide property-casualty networks of any insurer. In
addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement
services around the world. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange, as well as the stock exchanges in Ireland and Tokyo. 

Comment on Regulation G

This press release, including the financial highlights, includes certain
non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most
comparable GAAP figures in accordance with Regulation G are included within the
relevant tables or in the second quarter 2010 Financial Supplement available in
the Investor Information section of AIG`s website, www.aig.com. 

Throughout this press release, AIG presents its operations in the way it
believes will be most meaningful and useful, as well as most transparent, to the
investing public and others who use AIG`s financial information in evaluating
the performance of AIG. That presentation includes the use of certain non-GAAP
measures. In addition to the GAAP presentations, in some cases, revenues, net
income, operating income and related rates of performance are shown exclusive of
Maiden Lane interests, the effect of dispositions, interest and amortization
related to the FRBNY Credit Facility, the recognition of other-than-temporary
impairments, restructuring-related activities, conversion of the Series C
Preferred Stock, realized capital gains (losses), the effects of variable
interest entities, the effect of non-qualifying derivative hedging activities,
the effect of goodwill impairments, tax valuation allowances, credit valuation
adjustments, unrealized market valuation gains (losses), UGC operating results,
the effect of catastrophe-related losses and foreign exchange rates and the
bargain purchase gain on the Fuji acquisition. 

In all such instances, AIG believes that excluding these items permits investors
to better assess the performance of AIG`s underlying businesses. AIG believes
that providing information in a non-GAAP manner is more useful to investors and
analysts and more meaningful than the GAAP presentation. 

Although the investment of premiums to generate investment income (or loss) and
realized capital gains or losses is an integral part of both life and general
insurance operations, the determination to realize capital gains or losses is
independent of the insurance underwriting process. Moreover, under applicable
GAAP accounting requirements, losses can be recorded as the result of other than
temporary declines in value without actual realization. In sum, investment
income and realized capital gains or losses for any particular period are not
indicative of underlying business performance for such period. 

AIG believes that underwriting profit (loss) provides investors with financial
information that is not only meaningful but critically important to
understanding the results of property and casualty insurance operations.
Operating income of a property and casualty insurance company includes three
components: underwriting profit (loss), net investment income and realized
capital gains (losses). Without disclosure of underwriting profit (loss), it is
impossible to determine how successful an insurance company is in its core
business activity of assessing and underwriting risk. Including investment
income and net realized capital gains (losses) in operating income without
disclosing underwriting profit (loss) can mask underwriting losses. The amount
of net investment income may be driven by changes in interest rates and other
factors that are totally unrelated to underwriting performance. 

Underwriting profit (loss) is an important measurement used by AIG senior
management to evaluate the performance of its property and casualty insurance
operations and is a standard measure of performance used in the insurance
industry. Further, the equity analysts who follow AIG exclude the realized
capital transactions in their analyses for the same reason and consistently
request that AIG provide the non-GAAP information. 

Life and retirement services production (premiums, deposits and other
considerations), gross premiums written, net premiums written and loss, expense
and combined ratios are presented in accordance with accounting principles
prescribed or permitted by insurance regulatory authorities because these are
standard measures of performance used in the insurance industry and thus allow
for more meaningful comparisons with AIG`s insurance competitors.

 American International Group, Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Financial Highlights*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 (in millions, except share data)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                              Three Months Ended June 30,                                       Six Months Ended June 30,                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                         % Inc.                                                     % Inc.        
                                                                                                                                                    2010                 2009 (a)        (Dec.)                2010                 2009 (a)        (Dec.)        
 General Insurance Operations:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Net Premiums Written                                                                                                                         $     7,792          $     7,919           (1.6)   %       $     15,436         $     15,652          (1.4)   %     
 Net Premiums Earned                                                                                                                                7,733                8,017           (3.5)                 15,374               16,295          (5.7)         
 Underwriting Profit (Loss)                                                                                                                         (158)                145             -                     (350)                422             -             
 Net Investment Income                                                                                                                              1,113                869             28.1                  2,184                1,304           67.5          
 Income before Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses) and Bargain Purchase Gain                                                                        955                  1,014           (5.8)                 1,834                1,726           6.3           
 Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses) (b)                                                                                                            58                   (37)            -                     195                  (645)           -             
 Bargain Purchase Gain (c)                                                                                                                          -                    -               -                     406                  -               -             
 Pre-tax Income                                                                                                                                     1,013                977             3.7                   2,435                1,081           -             
 Loss Ratio                                                                                                                                         72.1                 70.3                                  71.8                 70.1                          
 Expense Ratio                                                                                                                                      29.9                 27.9                                  30.5                 27.3                          
 Combined Ratio                                                                                                                                     102.0                98.2                                  102.3                97.4                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Domestic Life Insurance & Retirement Services Operations:                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Premiums and Other Considerations                                                                                                                  1,315                1,331           (1.2)                 2,630                2,771           (5.1)         
 Net Investment Income                                                                                                                              2,628                2,221           18.3                  5,335                4,151           28.5          
 Income before Net Realized Capital Losses                                                                                                          1,054                254             -                     2,177                94              -             
 Net Realized Capital Losses (b)                                                                                                                    (966)                (54)            -                     (1,762)              (1,721)         -             
 Pre-tax Income (Loss)                                                                                                                              88                   200             (56.0)                415                  (1,627)         -             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Foreign Life Insurance & Retirement Services Operations:                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Premiums and Other Considerations                                                                                                                  3,377                3,100           8.9                   6,611                6,222           6.3           
 Net Investment Income                                                                                                                              1,239                2,428           (49.0)                2,306                3,306           (30.2)        
 Income before Net Realized Capital Losses                                                                                                          820                  553             48.3                  1,602                1,275           25.6          
 Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses) (b)                                                                                                            20                   (330)           -                     (41)                 (792)           -             
 Pre-tax Income                                                                                                                                     840                  223             -                     1,561                483             -             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Financial Services Operations:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Pre-tax Operating Income (Loss) excluding Non-qualifying Derivative Hedging Activities and Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses)                     42                   (103)           -                     (432)                (1,193)         -             
 Non-qualifying Derivative Hedging Activities (b)                                                                                                   -                    4               -                     -                    6               -             
 Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses) (b)                                                                                                            (11)                 223             -                     24                   181             (86.7)        
 Pre-tax Income (Loss)                                                                                                                              31                   124             (75.0)                (408)                (1,006)         -             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Other before Net Realized Capital Gains, and Net Gain (Loss) on Sale of Divested Businesses and Consolidation and Elimination Adjustments          (964)                (1,199)         -                     (1,243)              (4,986)         -             
 Other Net Realized Capital Gains (b)                                                                                                               241                  265             (9.1)                 332                  343             (3.2)         
 Net Gain (Loss) on Sale of Divested Businesses                                                                                                     198                  (566)           -                     122                  (307)           -             
 Consolidation and Elimination Adjustments (b) (d)                                                                                                  156                  147             6.1                   146                  (140)           -             
 Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Tax Benefit                                                                                 1,603                171             -                     3,360                (6,159)         -             
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                                                                                                                       311                  (415)           -                     (112)                (1,284)         -             
 Net Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations                                                                                                       1,292                586             -                     3,472                (4,875)         -             
 Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, net of tax                                                                                         (3,407)              1,259           -                     (3,082)              1,587           -             
 Net Income (Loss)                                                                                                                                  (2,115)              1,845           -                     390                  (3,288)         -             
 Less:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Net Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations Attributableto Noncontrolling Interests:                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Noncontrolling Nonvoting, Callable, Junior and Senior Preferred Interests Held by Federal Reserve Bank of New York                                 508                  -               -                     1,027                -               -             
 Other                                                                                                                                              20                   (7)             -                     139                  (775)           -             
 Total Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests:                                                           528                  (7)             -                     1,166                (775)           -             
 Income from Discontinued Operations Attributable to Noncontrolling interests                                                                       13                   30              (56.7)                23                   18              27.8          
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG                                                                                                              (2,656)              1,822           -                     (799)                (2,531)         -             
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG Common Shareholders                                                                                    $     (538)          $     311             -               $     (161)          $     (3,826)         -             


 Financial Highlights -continued                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                               Three Months Ended June 30,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Six Months Ended June 30,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       % Inc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          % Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                                              2010                                                                                                                     2009 (a)                                                                                        (Dec.)                                                                                                                                                                                          2010                                                                                                                                            2009 (a)                                                                                        (Dec.)                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG                                                         $                                              (2,656)                                                                  $                                               1,822                                                                                           -                                               %                                                                                               $                                               (799)                                                                                           $                                               (2,531)                                                                                         -                                               %     
 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations                                                                                                   (3,420)                                                                                                                  1,229                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                                                               (3,105)                                                                                                                                         1,569                                                                                           -                                                     
 Attributable to AIG, net of tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Net Gain (Loss) on Sale of Divested Businesses,                                                                                               93                                                                                                                       (327)                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                                                               17                                                                                                                                              (155)                                                                                           -                                                     
 net of tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Net Realized Capital Losses, net of tax                                                                                                      (564)                                                                                                                    (899)                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                                                               (851)                                                                                                                                           (3,282)                                                                                         -                                                     
 Non-qualifying Derivative Hedging Losses, net                                                                                                (102)                                                                                                                    676                                                                                             -                                                                                                                                                                                               (196)                                                                                                                                           558                                                                                             -                                                     
 of tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Bargain purchase gain                                                                                                                        -                                                                                                                        -                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                               406                                                                                                                                             -                                                                                               -                                                     
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG                                                $                                              1,337                                                                    $                                               1,143                                                                                           17.0                                                                                                                                            $                                               2,930                                                                                           $                                               (1,221)                                                                                         -                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Income (Loss) Per Common Share - Diluted :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG Common                                                  $                                              (3.96)                                                                   $                                               2.30                                                                                            -                                                                                                                                               $                                               (1.19)                                                                                          $                                               (28.29)                                                                                         -                                                     
 Shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG                                                $                                              1.99                                                                     $                                               1.71                                                                                            16.4                                                                                                                                            $                                               4.37                                                                                            $                                               (8.99)                                                                                          -                                                     
 Common Shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Book Value Per Common Share on AIG                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $                                               558.56                                                                                          $                                               430.69                                                                                          29.7                                                  
 Shareholders' Equity (e)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Pro forma Book Value Per Common Share on AIG                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $                                               45.63                                                                                           $                                               29.90                                                                                           52.6                                                  
 Shareholders' Equity (f)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding -                                                                                                 135.9                                                                                                                    135.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           135.8                                                                                                                                           135.3                                                                                                                                                 
 Diluted                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Financial Highlights - Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 *Including reconciliation in accordance with Regulation G.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 (a)Certain amounts have been reclassified in 2009 to conform to the 2010 presentation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 (b)Includes gains (losses) from hedging activities that did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, including the related foreign exchange gains and losses.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 (c)On March 31, 2010, AIG through a Chartis International subsidiary, purchased additional voting shares of Fuji for $145 million. The acquisition resulted in a bargain purchased gain of approximately $406 million. Since the sale closed on March 31, 2010 and final appraisals of Fuji's insurance contracts, loans, certain real estate and intangible assets were not complete, no gain was recognized during the first quarter of March 31, 2010. During the quarter ended June 30, 2010, AIG substantially completed the accounting for the acquisition and retrospectively adjusted the provisional amounts initially recorded. Consequently, AIG revised the results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and recognized a bargain purchase gain for the six months ended June 30, 2010 and three months ended March 31, 2010.                                 
 (d)Includes income (loss) from certain AIG managed partnerships, private equity and real estate funds that are consolidated. Such income (loss) is offset in net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests, which is not a component of income (loss) from continuing operations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 (e)Represents total AIG shareholders' equity divided by common shares issued and outstanding.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 (f)Pro-forma book value per common share computed assuming adjustment to AIG shareholders' equity for outstanding equity units and preferred stock.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          


American International Group, Inc.
Teri Watson, 212-770-7074
Investment Community
or
Christina Pretto, 212-770-7083
News Media 

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>