<doc>
<title>REG-Mitsui & Co Ltd 3rd Quarter Results</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-17</date>
<snippet>... LITIGATION See Note 15, "The Oil Spill Incident of a Drilling Rig in the Gulf of Mexico," for lawsuits on the incident. Various ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100817006105/en

LONDON--(Business Wire)--


This announcement is for our U.S. $5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
authorised by UKLA on 10th September 2009. 

Quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements for the three-month period ended
June 30, 2010

English translation of quarterly consolidated financial statements for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2010, which were prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and filed as part of the Quarterly Securities Report with the Director
of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau of the Ministry of Finance of Japan on August
13, 2010. 

Financial Highlights 

Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

As of or for the Periods Ended June 30, 2010 and 2009 and as of or for the Year
Ended March 31, 2010

                                                                                                                                                                            
 Billions of Yen                                                                                                                                                            
                                                Three-month                  Three-month               As of or for the Year ended March                           
                                                Period ended June            Period ended June         31, 2010                                                    
                                                
30, 2010                    
30, 2009                                                                             
 For the Period and the Year:                                                                                                                                    
 Revenues                                 ¥     1,098                  ¥     977                       ¥                             4,096                       
 Gross Profit                             ¥     223                    ¥     167                       ¥                             702                         
 Operating Income                         ¥     90                     ¥     33                        ¥                             145                         
 Equity in Earnings of                    ¥     50                     ¥     31                        ¥                             131                         
 Associated Companies-Net                                                                                                                                        
 Net Income Attributable to               ¥     103                    ¥     57                        ¥                             150                         
 Mitsui & Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                               
 Net Cash Provided                        ¥     127                    ¥     209                       ¥                             632                         
 by Operating Activities                                                                                                                                         
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities    ¥     (155)                  ¥     (23)                      ¥                             (180)                       
                                                                                                                                                                 
 At Period-End and Year-End:                                                                                                                                     
 Total Assets                             ¥     8,205                  ¥     8,465                     ¥                             8,369                       
 Total Mitsui & Co., Ltd.                 ¥     2,128                  ¥     2,086                     ¥                             2,230                       
 Shareholders` Equity                                                                                                                                            
 Total Equity                             ¥     2,334                  ¥     2,326                     ¥                             2,430                       
 Cash and Cash Equivalents                ¥     1,337                  ¥     1,282                     ¥                             1,401                       
 Long-term Debt, Less Current Maturities  ¥     2,933                  ¥     2,832                     ¥                             2,910                       
                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                Yen                                                                                                                      
 Amounts per Share:                                                                                                                                              
 Net Income Attributable to                                                                                                                                      
 Mitsui & Co., Ltd.:                                                                                                                                             
 Basic                                    ¥     56.19                  ¥     31.47                                     ¥                             82.12       
 Diluted                                  ¥     56.19                  ¥     31.40                                     ¥                             82.11       
 Total Mitsui & Co., Ltd.                 ¥     1,165.97               ¥     1,145.24                                  ¥                             1,222.11    
 Shareholders` Equity                                                                                                                                            


*1. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

*2. Operating income is comprised of our (a) gross profit, (b) selling, general
and administrative expenses and (c) provision for doubtful receivables, as
presented in the Statements of Consolidated Income. 

*3. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 205-20, the
figures for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 relating to discontinued
operations have been reclassified. 

*4. Tax effects on investments in associated companies which had been formerly
included in "Equity in Earnings of Associated Companies - Net (After Income Tax
Effect)" were included in "Income Taxes" from the six-month period ended
September 30, 2009. At the same time, the line item, "Equity in Earnings of
Associated Companies - Net (After Income Tax Effect)" was changed to "Equity in
Earnings of Associated Companies - Net." The figures for the three-month period
ended June 30, 2009 have been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. 



Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

June 30, 2010 and March 31, 2010

                                                                            Millions of Yen                                          
                                                                                 
                                                                            June 30,                    March 31,                  
                                                                            2010                        2010                       
 ASSETS                                                                                                                        
 Current Assets:                                                                                                               
 Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 1 and 3)                                  ¥         1,337,166       ¥           1,401,399    
 Time deposits                                                                        6,574                       14,563       
 Marketable securities (Notes 1, 3 and 14)                                            4,464                       4,361        
 Trade receivables (Note 4):                                                                                                   
 Notes and loans, less unearned interest                                              291,581                     293,034      
 Accounts                                                                             1,332,282                   1,382,259    
 Associated companies                                                                 172,876                     162,166      
 Allowance for doubtful receivables (Note 1)                                          (15,586)                    (18,423)     
 Inventories (Notes 1, 4 and 11)                                                      492,513                     504,847      
 Advance payments to suppliers                                                        105,261                     96,482       
 Deferred tax assets-current (Note 1)                                                 58,092                      39,809       
 Derivative assets (Notes 1, 12 and 14)                                               125,349                     114,463      
 Other current assets                                                                 276,168                     266,130      
 Total current assets                                                                 4,186,740                   4,261,090    
 Investments and Non-current Receivables (Notes 1 and 4):                                                                      
                                                                                                                               
 Investments in and advances to associated companies (Notes 3, 8 and 14)              1,370,265                   1,403,056    
 Other investments (Notes 3 and 14)                                                   866,919                     965,947      
 Non-current receivables, less unearned interest (Notes 12 and 14)                    442,288                     453,299      
 Allowance for doubtful receivables                                                   (46,544)                    (48,472)     
 Property leased to others-at cost, less accumulated depreciation                     211,826                     224,000      
 Total investments and non-current receivables                                        2,844,754                   2,997,830    
 Property and Equipment-at Cost (Notes 1, 2, 4 and 14):                                                                        
                                                                                                                               
 Land, land improvements and timberlands                                              157,613                     158,528      
 Buildings, including leasehold improvements                                          356,394                     381,029      
 Equipment and fixtures                                                               1,004,688                   979,957      
 Mineral rights (Note 15)                                                             141,161                     132,510      
 Vessels                                                                              30,606                      29,709       
 Projects in progress (Note 15)                                                       163,331                     170,218      
 Total                                                                                1,853,793                   1,851,951    
 Accumulated depreciation                                                             (856,418)                   (873,391)    
 Net property and equipment                                                           997,375                     978,560      
 Intangible Assets, less Accumulated Amortization (Notes 1, 2 and 14)                 129,715                     84,741       
 Deferred Tax Assets-Non-current (Note 1)                                             14,933                      13,376       
 Other Assets                                                                         31,251                      33,387       
 Total                                                                      ¥         8,204,768       ¥           8,368,984    


See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                         Millions of Yen                                          
                                                                                              
                                                                                         June 30,                    March 31,                  
                                                                                         2010                        2010                       
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER`S EQUITY                                                                                                       
 Current Liabilities:                                                                                                                       
 Short-term debt (Note 4)                                                                ¥         243,038         ¥           241,380      
 Current maturities of long-term debt (Notes 4 and 12)                                             254,340                     320,480      
 Trade payables:                                                                                                                            
 Notes and acceptances                                                                             34,746                      36,831       
 Accounts                                                                                          1,266,702                   1,307,980    
 Associated companies                                                                              68,522                      63,760       
 Accrued expenses:                                                                                                                          
 Income taxes (Note 1)                                                                             44,739                      37,604       
 Interest                                                                                          21,701                      19,177       
 Other                                                                                             77,367                      71,582       
 Advances from customers                                                                           119,976                     110,712      
 Derivative liabilities (Notes 1, 12 and 14)                                                       95,108                      83,972       
 Other current liabilities (Notes 1 and 10)                                                        94,856                      87,289       
 Total current liabilities                                                                         2,321,095                   2,380,767    
 Long-term Debt, less Current Maturities (Notes 4 and 12)                                          2,932,863                   2,909,794    
 Accrued Pension Costs and Liability for Severance                                                                                          
 Indemnities (Note 1)                                                                              32,731                      33,927       
 Deferred Tax Liabilities-Non-current (Note 1)                                                     263,785                     305,096      
 Other Long-Term Liabilities (Notes 1, 10, 12 and 14)                                              319,843                     309,594      
 Contingent Liabilities (Notes 4 and 10)                                                                                                    
 Equity (Note 6):                                                                                                                           
 Mitsui & Co., Ltd. Shareholders` equity:                                                                                                   
 Common stock-no par value                                                                         341,482                     341,482      
 Authorized, 2,500,000,000 shares;                                                                                                          
 Issued, 1,829,153,527 shares in 2010. 6 and 1,829,153,527 shares in 2010. 3                                                                
 Capital surplus                                                                                   428,813                     428,848      
 Retained earnings:                                                                                                                         
 Appropriated for legal reserve                                                                    60,538                      53,844       
 Unappropriated                                                                                    1,693,861                   1,618,101    
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 1):                                                                                    
 Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities (Note 3)                     67,096                      123,891      
 Foreign currency translation adjustments (Note 12)                                                (393,060)                   (272,665)    
 Defined benefit pension plans                                                                     (47,563)                    (49,132)     
 Net unrealized gains and losses on derivatives (Note 12)                                          (17,118)                    (7,920)      
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                        (390,645)                   (205,826)    
 Treasury stock, at cost: 4,420,598 shares in 2010. 6 and 4,331,644 shares in 2010. 3              (6,457)                     (6,321)      
 Total Mitsui & Co., Ltd. shareholders' equity                                                     2,127,592                   2,230,128    
 Noncontrolling interests                                                                          206,859                     199,678      
 Total equity                                                                                      2,334,451                   2,429,806    
 Total                                                                                   ¥         8,204,768       ¥           8,368,984    


Statements of Consolidated Income 

Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

For the Three-Month Periods Ended June 30, 2010 and 2009

                                                                                           Millions of Yen                                                                          
                                                                       Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2010                      Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2009           
 Revenues (Notes 1, 8, 12 and 14):                                                                                                                                              
 Sales of products                                                     ¥                                         969,328         ¥                             853,626          
 Sales of services                                                                                               90,736                                        90,350           
 Other sales                                                                                                     37,533                                        33,467           
 Total revenues                                                                                                  1,097,597                                     977,443          
 Total Trading Transactions (Notes 1 and 8)                                                                                                                                     
 Three-month period ended June 30, 2010 …¥ 2,429,690million                                                                                                                     
 Three-month period ended June 30, 2009 …¥ 2,230,683million                                                                                                                     
 Cost of Revenues (Notes 1, 8, 12 and 14)                                                                                                                                       
 Cost of products sold                                                                                           826,188                                       763,970          
 Cost of services sold                                                                                           32,757                                        30,419           
 Cost of other sales                                                                                             15,213                                        16,297           
 Total cost of revenues                                                                                          874,158                                       810,686          
 Gross Profit                                                                                                    223,439                                       166,757          
 Other Expenses (Income):                                                                                                                                                       
 Selling, general and administrative (Notes 1 and 5)                                                             132,109                                       132,458          
 Provision for doubtful receivables (Note 1)                                                                     1,180                                         815              
 Interest income (Notes 1 and 12)                                                                                (9,440)                                       (8,435)          
 Interest expense (Notes 1 and 12)                                                                               10,200                                        14,882           
 Dividend income                                                                                                 (14,509)                                      (10,239)         
 Gain on sales of securities-net (Notes 1, 3 and 6)                                                              (4,174)                                       (2,220)          
 Loss on write-down of securities (Notes 1, 3 and 14)                                                            4,577                                         2,788            
 Gain on disposal or sales of property and equipment-net                                                         (303)                                         (261)            
 Impairment loss of long-lived assets (Notes 1, 14 and 15)                                                       2,090                                         －                
 Other income-net (Notes 12 and 15)                                                                              (3,710)                                       (687)            
 Total other expenses                                                                                            118,020                                       129,101          
 Income from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes                                                                                                                          
 and Equity in Earnings                                                                                          105,419                                       37,656           
 Income Taxes (Notes 1 and 9):                                                                                   44,348                                        4,064            
 Income from Continuing Operations before Equity in Earnings                                                     61,071                                        33,592           
 Equity in Earnings of Associated Companies-Net (Notes 1, 8 and 14)                                              49,911                                        30,822           
 Income from Continuing Operations                                                                                                                                              
 before Attribution of Noncontrolling Interests                                                                  110,982                                       64,414           
 Loss from Discontinued Operations-Net                                                                                                                                          
 (After Income Tax Effect) (Note 1)                                                                              －                                             (568)            
 Net Income before Attribution of Noncontrolling Interests                                                       110,982                                       63,846           
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests                                                             (8,447)                                       (6,524)          
 Net Income Attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd                          ¥                                         102,535         ¥                             57,322           


                                                                             Yen                                                                                                  
 Net Income Attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. per Share (Notes 1 and 7):    Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2010            Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2009           
 Basic:                                                                                                                                                                     
 Continuing operations                                                       ¥                             56.19             ¥                             31.74            
 Discontinued operations                                                                                   －                                               (0.27)           
 Total                                                                       ¥                             56.19             ¥                             31.47            
 Diluted:                                                                                                                                                                   
 Continuing operations                                                       ¥                             56.19             ¥                             31.67            
 Discontinued operations                                                                                   －                                               (0.27)           
 Total                                                                       ¥                             56.19             ¥                             31.40            
 See notes to consolidated financial statements.                                                                                                                            


Statements of Changes in Consolidated Equity 

Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

For the Three-Month Periods Ended June 30, 2010 and 2009

                                                                                            Millions of Yen                                                                                         
                                                                                            Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2010                    Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2009    
 Common Stock:                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Balance at beginning of period                                                                                                                                                                 
 Shares issued: 2010.06-1,829,153,527 shares; 2009.06-1,824,928,240 shares             ¥    341,482                                       ¥           339,627                                   
 Common stock issued upon conversion of bonds                                                                                                                                                   
 Shares issued: 2010.06- 0 shares; 2009.06-102,657 shares                                   -                                                         45                                        
 Balance at end of period                                                                                                                                                                       
 Shares issued: 2010.06-1,829,153,527 shares; 2009.06-1,825,030,897 shares             ¥    341,482                                       ¥           339,672                                   
 Capital Surplus:                                                                                                                                                                               
 Balance at beginning of period                                                        ¥    428,848                                       ¥           434,188                                   
 Conversion of bonds                                                                        －                                                         45                                        
 Equity transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders                              (35)                                                      29                                        
 Balance at end of period                                                              ¥    428,813                                       ¥           434,262                                   
 Retained Earnings:                                                                                                                                                                             
 Appropriated for Legal Reserve:                                                                                                                                                                
 Balance at beginning of period                                                        ¥    53,844                                        ¥           48,806                                    
 Transfer from unappropriated retained earnings                                             6,694                                                     1,269                                     
 Balance at end of period                                                              ¥    60,538                                        ¥           50,075                                    
 Unappropriated:                                                                                                                                                                                
 Balance at beginning of period                                                        ¥    1,618,101                                     ¥           1,486,201                                 
 Net income attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd                                               102,535                                                   57,322                                    
 Cash dividends paid to Mitsi & Co., Ltd. shareholders                                      (20,081)                                                  －                                         
 Transfer to retained earnings appropriated for legal reserve                               (6,694)                                                   (1,269)                                   
 Losses on sales of treasury stock                                                          -                                                         (1)                                       
 Balance at end of period                                                              ¥    1,693,861                                     ¥           1,542,253                                 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (After Income Tax Effect):                                                                                                                       
 Balance at beginning of period                                                        ¥    (205,826)                                     ¥           (421,497)                                 
 Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities (Notes 1 and 3)         (56,795)                                                  53,198                                    
 Foreign currency translation adjustments (Notes 1 and 12)                                  (120,395)                                                 84,783                                    
 Defined benefit pension plans                                                              1,569                                                     1,596                                     
 Net unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives (Notes 1 and 12)                              (9,198)                                                   7,097                                     
 Balance at end of period                                                              ¥    (390,645)                                     ¥           (274,823)                                 
 Treasury Stock, at Cost:                                                                                                                                                                       
 Balance at beginning of period                                                        ¥    (6,321)                                       ¥           (5,662)                                   
 Purchases of treasury stock                                                                (149)                                                     (12)                                      
 Sales of treasury stock                                                                    13                                                        4                                         
 Balance at end of period                                                              ¥    (6,457)                                       ¥           (5,670)                                   
 Total Mitsui &Co., Ltd. shareholders` equity                                          ¥    2,127,592                                     ¥           2,085,769                                 


Statements of Changes in Consolidated Equity - (Continued) 

Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

For the Three-Month Periods Ended June 30, 2010 and 2009

                                                                                                                      Millions of Yen                                                                                         
                                                                                                                      Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2010                    Three-Month Period Ended June 30, 2009    
 Noncontrolling Interests (Note 6):                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Balance at beginning of period                                                                                  ¥    199,678                                       ¥           229,783                                   
 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest shareholders                                                               (4,026)                                                   (6,608)                                   
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                  8,447                                                     6,524                                     
 Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities (after income tax effect) (Notes 1 and 3)         (6,358)                                                   4,756                                     
 Foreign currency translation adjustments (after income tax effect) (Notes 1 and 12)                                  (5,818)                                                   1,204                                     
 Defined benefit pension plans (after income tax effect)                                                              1                                                         (6)                                       
 Net unrealized losses on derivatives (after income tax effect) (Notes 1 and 12)                                      (179)                                                     (36)                                      
 Equity transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders and other                                              15,114                                                    4,284                                     
 Balance at end of period                                                                                        ¥    206,859                                       ¥           239,901                                   
 Total Equity:                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Balance at beginning of period                                                                                  ¥    2,429,806                                     ¥           2,111,446                                 
 Conversion of bonds                                                                                                  －                                                         90                                        
 Losses on sales of treasury stock                                                                                    －                                                         (1)                                       
 Net income before attribution of noncontrolling interests                                                            110,982                                                   63,846                                    
 Cash dividends paid to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. shareholders                                                               (20,081)                                                  －                                         
 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest shareholders                                                               (4,026)                                                   (6,608)                                   
 Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities (after income tax effect) (Notes 1 and 3)         (63,153)                                                  57,954                                    
 Foreign currency translation adjustments (after income tax effect) (Notes 1 and 12)                                  (126,213)                                                 85,987                                    
 Defined benefit pension plans (after income tax effect)                                                              1,570                                                     1,590                                     
 Net unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives (after income tax effect) (Notes 1 and 12)                              (9,377)                                                   7,061                                     
 Sales and purchases of treasury stock                                                                                (136)                                                     (8)                                       
 Equity transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders and other                                              15,079                                                    4,313                                     
 Balance at end of period                                                                                        ¥    2,334,451                                     ¥           2,325,670                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Comprehensive Income (Loss):                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Net income before attribution of noncontrolling interests                                                       ¥    110,982                                       ¥           63,846                                    
 Other comprehensive income (loss) (after income tax effect):                                                                                                                                                             
 Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities (Notes 1 and 3)                                   (63,153)                                                  57,954                                    
 Foreign currency translation adjustments (Notes 1 and 12)                                                            (126,213)                                                 85,987                                    
 Defined benefit pension plans                                                                                        1,570                                                     1,590                                     
 Net unrealized (losses) gains on derivatives (Notes 1 and 12)                                                        (9,377)                                                   7,061                                     
 Comprehensive (loss) income before attribution of noncontrolling interests                                           (86,191)                                                  216,438                                   
 Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                 3,907                                                     (12,442)                                  
 Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd                                                   ¥    (82,284)                                      ¥           203,996                                   


See notes to consolidated financial statements. 



Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 

Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 

For the Three-Month Periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                     Millions of Yen                                                                
                                                                                                                                     Three-Month Period ended                Three-Month Period ended             
                                                                                                                                     June 30, 2010                           June 30, 2009                        
 Operating Activities: (Note 1)                                                                                                                                                                               
 Net income before attribution of noncontrolling interests                                                                           ¥                     110,982         ¥                     63,846       
 Adjustments to reconcile net income before attribution of noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operating activities:                                                                             
 Loss from discontinued operations-net (after income tax effect)                                                                                           -                                     568          
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                             32,759                                34,714       
 Pension and severance costs, less payments                                                                                                                2,356                                 2,976        
 Provision for doubtful receivables                                                                                                                        1,180                                 815          
 Gain on sales of securities-net                                                                                                                           (4,174)                               (2,220)      
 Loss on write-down of securities                                                                                                                          4,577                                 2,788        
 Gain on disposal or sales of property and equipment-net                                                                                                   (303)                                 (261)        
 Impairment loss of long-lived assets                                                                                                                      2,090                                 -            
 Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                                     2,276                                 (16,886)     
 Equity in earnings of associated companies, less dividends received                                                                                       (16,107)                              15,361       
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                 
 Decrease in trade receivables                                                                                                                             15,403                                79,318       
 (Increase) decrease in inventories                                                                                                                        (26,423)                              17,984       
 Decrease in trade payables                                                                                                                                (7,252)                               (39,044)     
 (Increase) decrease in advance payments to suppliers                                                                                                      (572)                                 7,456        
 Decrease in advances from customers                                                                                                                       (477)                                 (12,491)     
 Other-net                                                                                                                                                 10,566                                54,464       
 Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations                                                                                      -                                     102          
 Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                                 126,881                               209,490      
 Investing Activities:                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Net decrease in time deposits                                                                                                                             14,271                                372          
 Investments in and advances to associated companies                                                                                                       (16,009)                              (12,566)     
 Sales of investments in and collection of advances to associated companies                                                                                4,599                                 9,347        
 Acquisitions of other investments                                                                                                                         (22,752)                              (11,336)     
 Proceeds from sales and maturities of other investments                                                                                                   18,428                                30,473       
 Increase in long-term loan receivables                                                                                                                    (23,710)                              (14,311)     
 Collection of long-term loan receivables                                                                                                                  21,884                                17,017       
 Additions to property leased to others and property and equipment                                                                                         (65,268)                              (46,204)     
 Proceeds from sales of property leased to others and property and equipment                                                                               1,227                                 4,625        
 Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                                                                        (106,797)                             -            
 Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries, net of cash held by subsidiaries......                                                                               18,693                                -            
 Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                                                     (155,434)                             (22,583)     
 Financing Activities :                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Net increase (decrease) in short-term debt                                                                                                                22,676                                (98,420)     
 Proceeds from long-term debt                                                                                                                              79,859                                132,961      
 Repayments of long-term debt                                                                                                                              (102,876)                             (96,160)     
 Transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders                                                                                                    10,601                                (4,408)      
 Purchases of treasury stock-net                                                                                                                           (136)                                 (8)          
 Payments of cash dividends                                                                                                                                (20,081)                              -            
 Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                                                     (9,957)                               (66,035)     
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                              (25,723)                              12,928       
 Net (decrease) increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                                      (64,233)                              133,800      
 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period                                                                                                          1,401,399                             1,147,809    
 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period                                                                                          ¥                     1,337,166       ¥                     1,281,609    
 See notes to consolidated financial statements.                                                                                                                                                              


1.BASIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

I.BASIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The accompanying consolidated financial statements are stated in Japanese yen,
the currency of the country in which Mitsui & Co., Ltd. (the "Company") is
incorporated and principally operates. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ("U.S. GAAP"). Effect has been given in the consolidated financial
statements to adjustments which have not been entered in Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and
subsidiaries` (collectively, the "companies") general books of account
maintained principally in accordance with accounting practices prevailing in the
countries of incorporation. Major adjustments include those relating to
accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, accounting for
certain investments including non-monetary exchange of investments and effects
of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on foreign-currency-denominated
available-for-sale debt securities, accounting for warrants, accounting for
pension costs and severance indemnities, recognition of installment sales on the
accrual basis of accounting, accounting for consolidation accounting for
business combinations, accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets,
accounting for asset retirement obligations, accounting for consolidation of
variable interest entities, accounting for leasing, accounting for stock
issuance costs, and accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. 

Total trading transactions, as presented in the accompanying Statements of
Consolidated Income, are voluntary disclosures, and represent the gross
transaction volume or the aggregate nominal value of the sales contracts in
which the companies act as a principal and transactions in which the Company and
certain subsidiaries serve as an agent. During the year ended March 31, 2010,
the companies changed the reporting of total trading transactions for
transactions where the Company and certain subsidiaries serve as an agent, and
not as a contracting party, from gross amounts, which included transaction
volume exchanged between the contracting parties and commissions earned as an
agent; to net amounts, which include only commissions. In relation to this
change, amounts for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 have been
reclassified. 

Total trading transactions should not be construed as equivalent to, or a
substitute or a proxy for, revenues, or as an indicator of the companies`
operating performance, liquidity or cash flows generated by operating, investing
or financing activities. The companies have included the gross transaction
volume information because similar Japanese trading companies have generally
used it as an industry benchmark. As such, management believes that total
trading transactions are a useful supplement to the results of operations
information for users of the consolidated financial statements. 

II.SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its
majority-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries, the variable interest entities
("VIEs") where the Company or one of its subsidiaries is a primary beneficiary,
and its proportionate share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of
certain of its oil and gas producing, and mining unincorporated joint ventures
in which the companies own an undivided interest in the assets, and pursuant to
the joint venture agreements, are severally liable for their share of each
liability. The VIEs are defined by ASC 810, "Consolidation." 

The difference between the cost of investments in VIEs which are not a business
and the equity in the fair value of the net assets at the dates of acquisition
is accounted for as an extraordinary gain or loss while the excess of the cost
of investments in other subsidiaries that meet the definition of a business over
the equity in the fair value of the net assets at the dates of acquisition is
accounted for as goodwill. 

Changes in the companies` ownership interests while retaining their controlling
financial interests in their subsidiaries are accounted for as equity
transactions. When the companies cease to have their controlling financial
interests, any retained investments are remeasured at their fair value at the
date the companies cease to have their controlling financial interests, and the
difference between the fair value and the carrying amount of the retained
noncontrolling investments is recognized as a gain or loss in net income
attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. 

Certain subsidiaries with a first-quarter-end on or after March 31, but prior to
the parent Company`s first-quarter-end of June 30, are included on the basis of
the subsidiaries` respective first-quarter-ends. 

Foreign currency translation

The assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries and associated companies are
translated into Japanese yen at the respective period-end exchange rates. All
income and expense accounts are translated at average rates of exchange. The
resulting translation adjustments are included in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). 

Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated
into Japanese yen at period-end exchange rates with the resulting gains and
losses recognized in earnings. 

Cash equivalents

Cash equivalents are defined as short-term (original maturities of three months
or less), highly liquid investments which are readily convertible into cash and
have no significant risk of change in value including certificates of deposit,
time deposits, financing bills and commercial papers with original maturities of
three months or less. 

Allowance for doubtful receivables

An impairment loss for a specific loan deemed to be impaired is measured based
on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan`s original
effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is
collateral dependent. 

An allowance for doubtful receivables is recorded for all receivables not
defined as specific loan based primarily upon the companies` credit loss
experiences and an evaluation of potential losses in the receivables. 

Inventories

Inventories, consisting mainly of commodities and materials for resale, are
stated at the lower of cost, principally on a specific-identification basis, or
market. 

Derivative instruments and hedging activities

In accordance with ASC 815, "Derivatives and Hedging," all derivative
instruments are recognized and measured at fair value as either assets or
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accounting for changes in
the fair value depends on the intended use of the derivative instruments and
their resulting hedge designation. On the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the
companies offset fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash
collateral (a receivable) or the obligation to return cash collateral (a
payable) against fair value amounts recognized for derivative instruments
executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting arrangement. 

The companies enter into derivative commodity instruments, such as future,
forward, option and swap contracts, as a means of hedging the exposure to
changes in the fair value of inventories and unrecognized firm commitments and
the exposure to variability in the expected future cash flows from forecasted
transactions, principally for non-ferrous metals, crude oil and agricultural
products. 

Changes in the fair value of derivative commodity instruments, designated and
effective as fair value hedges, are recognized in sales of products or cost of
products sold as offsets to changes in the fair value of the hedged items.
Changes in the fair value of derivative commodity instruments, designated and
effective as cash flow hedges, are initially recorded as other comprehensive
income and reclassified into earnings as sales of products or cost of products
sold when the hedged transactions affect earnings. Changes in the fair value of
the ineffective portion are recognized in sales of products or cost of products
sold immediately. 

Changes in the fair value of derivative commodity instruments, for which hedge
requirements are not met, are currently recognized in sales of products or cost
of products sold without any offsetting changes in the fair value of the hedged
items. 

The Company and certain subsidiaries also enter into agreements for derivative
commodity instruments as a part of their trading activities. These derivative
instruments are marked to market and gains or losses resulting from these
contracts are reported in other sales. 

Changes in the fair value of all open positions of precious metals traded in
terminal (future) markets are recognized in other sales in order to reflect the
fair value of commodity trading transactions consisting of inventories,
unrecognized firm commitments and derivative commodity instruments as a whole. 

The companies enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate
swap agreements, foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swap agreements,
and interest rate and currency swap agreements as a means of hedging their
interest rate and foreign exchange exposure. 

Changes in the fair value of interest rate swap agreements, designated and
effective as fair value hedges for changes in the fair value of fixed-rate
financial assets or liabilities attributable to changes in the designated
benchmark interest rate, are recognized in interest income and expense as
offsets to changes in the fair value of hedged items. Changes in the fair value
of interest rate swap agreements, designated and effective as cash flow hedges
for changes in the cash flows of floating-rate financial assets or liabilities
attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate, are initially
recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings as
interest income and expense when the hedged transactions affect earnings.
Changes in the fair value of the ineffective portion are recognized in interest
income and expense immediately. 

Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts and currency
swap agreements, designated and effective as cash flow hedges for changes in the
cash flows of foreign-currency-denominated assets or liabilities, unrecognized
firm commitments and forecasted transactions attributable to changes in the
related foreign currency exchange rate, are initially recorded in other
comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings as foreign exchange gains or
losses when the hedged transactions affect earnings. Changes in the fair value
of the ineffective portion are recognized in foreign exchange gains or losses
immediately. 

Changes in the fair value of interest rate and currency swap agreements,
designated and effective as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges for changes in
the fair values or cash flows of foreign-currency-denominated assets or
liabilities attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate or
the related foreign currency exchange rate are recorded as either earnings or
other comprehensive income depending on the treatment of foreign currency hedges
as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. 

Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments, for which hedge
requirements are not met, are currently recognized in interest income and
expense for interest rate swap agreements and in foreign exchange gains or
losses for foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swap agreements and
interest rate and currency swap agreements. 

The Company and certain subsidiaries also enter into agreements for certain
derivative financial instruments as a part of their trading activities. These
derivative instruments are marked to market and the related gains or losses are
reported in other sales. 

The companies use derivative instruments and non-derivative financial
instruments in order to reduce the foreign currency exposure in the net
investment in a foreign operation. The foreign currency transaction gains or
losses on these instruments, designated as and effective as hedging instruments,
are deferred and recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within
other comprehensive income to the extent they are effective as hedge. These
amounts are only recognized in income upon the complete or partial sale of the
related investment or the complete liquidation of the investment. 

For the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, cash flows from derivative
commodity instruments and derivative financial instruments that qualify for
hedge accounting are included in the same category as the items being hedged. 

Debt and marketable equity securities

The companies classify debt and marketable equity securities, at acquisition,
into one of three categories: held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading. 

Securities are classified as trading securities and carried at fair value only
if the companies possess those securities for the purpose of purchase and sale.
Unrealized holding gains and losses are included in earnings. 

Debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity and measured at amortized
cost in the Consolidated Balance Sheets only if the companies have the positive
intent and ability to hold those securities to maturity. Premiums and discounts
amortized in the period are included in interest income. 

Debt and marketable equity securities other than those classified as trading or
held-to-maturity securities are classified as available-for-sale securities and
carried at fair value with related unrealized holding gains and losses reported
in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in equity on a net-of-tax
basis. 

For other than a temporary decline in the value of debt and marketable equity
securities below their cost or amortized cost, the investment is reduced to its
fair value, which becomes the new cost basis of the investment. The amount of
the reduction is reported as a loss for the period in which such determination
is made. Various factors, such as the extent by which the cost exceeds the
market value, the duration of the market decline, the financial condition and
near-term prospects of the issuer, and the intent and ability to retain the
investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery
in market value, are reviewed to judge whether the decline is other than
temporary. 

The cost of debt and marketable securities sold is determined based on the
moving-average cost method. 

Non-marketable equity securities

Non-marketable equity securities are carried at cost. When other than a
temporary decline in the value of such securities below their cost occurs, the
investment is reduced to its fair value and an impairment loss is recognized.
Various factors, such as the financial condition and near-term prospects of the
issuer, are reviewed to judge whether it is other than temporary. 

The cost of non-marketable equity securities sold is determined based on the
moving-average cost method. 

Investments in associated companies

Investments in associated companies (20% to 50%-owned corporate investees,
corporate joint ventures, and less than 20%-owned corporate investees over which
the companies have the ability to exercise significant influence) and
noncontrolling investments in general partnerships, limited partnerships and
limited liability companies are accounted for under the equity method, after
appropriate adjustments for inter Company profits and dividends. The differences
between the cost of such investments and the companies` equity in the underlying
fair value of the net assets of associated companies at the dates of acquisition
are recognized as equity method goodwill. 

For other than a temporary decline in the value of investments in associated
companies below the carrying amount, the investment is reduced to its fair value
and an impairment loss is recognized. 

Leasing

The companies are engaged in lease financing consisting of direct financing
leases and leveraged leases, and in operating leases of properties. For direct
financing leases, unearned income is amortized to income over the lease term at
a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment. Income on leveraged
leases is recognized over the life of the lease at a constant rate of return on
the positive net investment. Initial direct costs are deferred and amortized
using the interest method over the lease period. Operating lease income is
recognized as other sales over the term of underlying leases on a straight-line
basis. 

The companies are also lessees of various assets. Rental expenses on operating
leases are recognized over the respective lease terms using the straight-line
method. 

Property and equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost. 

Depreciation of property and equipment (including property leased to others) is
computed principally under the declining-balance method for assets located in
Japan and under the straight-line method for assets located outside Japan, using
rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the related property and
equipment. Mineral rights are amortized over their respective estimated useful
lives using the straight-line method or the unit-of-production method. 

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the useful life of the
improvement or the term of the underlying lease. 

Significant renewals and additions are capitalized at cost. Maintenance and
repairs, and minor renewals and betterments are charged to expense as incurred. 

Impairment of long-lived assets

Long-lived assets to be held and used or to be disposed of other than by sale
are reviewed, by using undiscounted future cash flows, for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be recoverable. If the sum of the undiscounted expected future
cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is
recognized. Such impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Long-lived assets to be disposed of
by sale are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to
sell. 

Business combinations

In accordance with ASC 805, "Business Combinations," the acquisition method of
accounting which requires the measurement of the fair value of all of the assets
and liabilities of an acquired Company, including noncontrolling interests, is
used for all business combinations from April 1, 2009. The companies separately
recognize and report acquired intangible assets as goodwill or other intangible
assets. Any excess of fair value of acquired net assets over cost arising from a
business combination is recognized as a gain from a bargain purchase. 

Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill is not amortized but tested for impairment annually or more frequently
if impairment indicators arise. Identifiable intangible assets with a finite
useful life are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and
reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC 360, "Property, Plant and
Equipment." Any identifiable intangible asset determined to have an indefinite
useful life is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment in accordance
with ASC 350, "Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, " until its useful life is
determined to be no longer indefinite. 

Equity method goodwill is reviewed for impairment as part of an
other-than-temporary decline in the value of investments in associated companies
below the carrying amount in accordance with ASC 323, "Investments-Equity Method
and Joint Ventures." 

Oil and gas producing activities

Oil and gas exploration and development costs are accounted for using the
successful efforts method of accounting. The costs of acquiring properties,
costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells, and costs of development
wells and related plant and equipment are capitalized, and amortized using the
unit-of-production method. Exploratory well costs are expensed, if economically
recoverable reserves are not found. Other exploration costs, such as geological
and geophysical costs, are expensed as incurred. 

In accordance with ASC 360, proved properties are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. If the proved properties are determined to be impaired, an
impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value. Unproved properties are
assessed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 932-360-35-11,
"Extractive Activities-Oil and Gas-Unproved Properties, " with any impairment
charged to expense. The companies make a comprehensive evaluation and record
impairment of unproved property based on undiscounted future net cash flow
approach, as well as taking into consideration various factors, such as
remaining mining rights periods, examples of sales and purchases in neighboring
areas, drilling results and seismic interpretations. 

Mining operations

Mining exploration costs are expensed as incurred until the mining project has
been established as commercially viable by a final feasibility study. Once
established as commercially viable, costs are capitalized as development costs
and are amortized using either the unit-of-production method or straight-line
method based on the proven and probable reserves. 

In open pit mining operations, it is necessary to remove overburden and other
waste materials to access mineral deposits. The costs of removing waste
materials are referred to as "stripping costs." During the development of a
mine, before production commences, such costs are generally capitalized as part
of the development costs. Removal of waste materials continues during the
production stage of the mine. Such post-production stripping costs are variable
production costs to be considered as a component of mineral inventory costs and
are recognized as a component of costs of products sold in the same period as
the related revenues from the sales of the minerals. Depending on the
configuration of the mineral deposits, the post-production stripping costs could
lead to a lower of cost or market inventory adjustment. 

Asset retirement obligations

The companies record the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement
obligation in the period in which it is incurred. When the liability is
initially recorded, the companies capitalize the related cost by increasing the
carrying amount of the long-lived asset. Over time, the liability is accreted to
its present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the
useful life of the related asset. 

Pension and severance indemnities plans

The Company and certain subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans and
severance indemnities plans covering substantially all employees other than
directors. The costs of defined benefit pension plans and severance indemnities
plans are accrued based on amounts determined using actuarial methods. The
Company and certain subsidiaries recognize the overfunded or underfunded status
of a defined benefit plan as an asset or a liability in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. In addition, the Company and certain subsidiaries have defined
contribution pension plans. The costs of defined contribution pension plans are
charged to expenses when incurred. 

Guarantees

In accordance with ASC 460, "Guarantees," the companies recognize, at the
inception of a guarantee issued on or after January 1, 2003, a liability for the
fair value of the obligation undertaken for the guarantee. 

Revenue recognition

The companies recognize revenues when they are realized or realizable and
earned. Revenues are realized or realizable and earned when the companies have
persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the goods have been delivered or the
services have been rendered to the customer, the sales price is fixed or
determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. In addition to this
general policy, the following are specific revenue recognition policies: 

Sales of products

Sales of products include the sales of various products as a principal in the
transactions, the manufacture and sale of a wide variety of products such as
metals, chemicals, foods and general consumer merchandise, the development of
natural resources such as coal, iron ore, oil and gas, and the development and
sale of real estate. The companies recognize those revenues at the time the
delivery conditions agreed with customers are met. These conditions are usually
considered to have been met when the goods are received by the customer, the
title to the warehouse receipts is transferred, or the implementation testing is
duly completed. 

For long-term construction contracts such as railroad projects, depending on the
nature of the contract, revenues are accounted for by the
percentage-of-completion method if estimates of costs to complete and extent of
progress toward completion of long-term contracts are reasonably dependable,
otherwise the companies use the completed contract method. 

The Company and certain subsidiaries enter into buy/sell arrangements, mainly
relating to transactions of crude oil and petroleum products. Under buy/sell
arrangements, which are entered into primarily to optimize supply or demand
requirements, the Company and certain subsidiaries agree to buy (sell) a
specific quality and quantity of commodities to be delivered at a specific
location and/or time while agreeing to sell (buy) the same quality and quantity
of the commodities to be delivered at a different location and/or time to the
same counterparty. The buy/sell arrangements are reported on a net basis in the
Statements of Consolidated Income. 

Sales of services

Sales of services include the revenues from trading margins and commissions
related to various trading transactions in which the companies act as a
principal or an agent. Specifically, the companies charge a commission for the
performance of various services such as logistic and warehouse services,
information and communication services, and technical support. For some
back-to-back sales and purchase transactions of products, the companies act as a
principal and record the net amount of sales and purchase prices as revenues.
The companies also facilitate conclusion of the contracts between manufacturers
and customers and deliveries for the products between suppliers and customers.
Revenues from service related businesses are recorded as revenues when the
contracted services are rendered to third-party customers pursuant to the
agreements. 

Other sales

Other sales principally include the revenues from leasing activities of real
estate, rolling stock, ocean transport vessels, equipment and others, the
revenues from derivative commodity instruments and derivative financial
instruments held for trading purposes, and the revenues from external consumer
financing. See accounting policies for leasing and derivative instruments and
hedging activities for the revenue recognition policies regarding leasing and
derivative transactions, respectively. 

Research and development expenses

Research and development costs are charged to expenses when incurred. 

Advertising expenses

Advertising costs are charged to expenses when incurred. 

Income taxes

Income tax expense is based on reported earnings before income taxes. Deferred
income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between assets and
liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and such amounts
recognized for tax purposes and tax loss carryforwards. These deferred taxes are
measured using the currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which
the temporary differences or tax loss carryforwards are expected to reverse.
Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that some
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

In accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes," the companies recognize and measure
uncertainty in income taxes. Interests and penalties incurred in relation to
income taxes are reported in current income taxes in the Statements of
Consolidated Income. 

Net income per share

Basic net income per share attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. is computed by
dividing net income attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income per share
attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. reflects the potential dilution as a result
of issuance of shares upon conversion of the companies` convertible bonds. 

III.RECLASSIFICATION

Tax effects on investments in associated companies which were formerly included
in "Equity in Earnings of Associated companies-Net (After Income Tax Effect)"
are included in "Income Taxes" from the three-month period ended September 30,
2009 and the six-month period ended September 30, 2009. At the same time, the
line item, "Equity in Earnings of Associated companies-Net (After Income Tax
Effect)" has been changed to "Equity in Earnings of Associated companies-Net."
Amounts for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 have been reclassified to
conform to the current period`s presentation. 

Other certain reclassifications and format changes have also been made to
amounts for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 to conform to the current
period presentation. 

IV. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

The companies have the policy of presenting the results of discontinued
operations (including operations of a subsidiary that either has been disposed
of or is classified as held for sale) as a separate line item in the Statements
of Consolidated Income under income or loss from discontinued operations-net
(after income tax effect). The figures related to the discontinued operations
for the year ended March 31, 2010 were reclassified in the Statement of
Consolidated Income and the Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2009 to conform to the current period
presentation. 

The figures of discontinued operations for the three-month period ended June 30,
2010 were not reclassified due to their immateriality to the companies`
financial position and results of operations. 

Income from continuing operations attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. and loss
from discontinued operations-net (after income tax effect) attributable to
Mitsui & Co., Ltd. for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 were ¥
57,813million and ¥ 491million, respectively. 

V. NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Transfers of financial assets

Effective April 1, 2010, the companies adopted the new provisions in ASC 860,
"Transfers and Servicing," which the FASB issued as ASU 2009-16, "Accounting for
Transfers of Financial Assets," which was formerly SFAS No. 166. 

ASU 2009-16 amends the provisions in ASC 860, eliminates the concept of a
qualifying special-purpose entity and changes the derecognition requirements of
financial assets. The new provisions also enhance disclosure requirements for
transfers of financial assets and a transferor`s continuing involvement with
transferred financial assets. 

The effect of the adoption of these provisions on the companies` financial
position and results of operations was immaterial. 

Variable interest entities

Effective April 1, 2010, the companies adopted the new provisions in ASC 810,
"Consolidation," which the FASB issued as ASU 2009-17, "Improvements to
Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities,"
which was formerly SFAS No. 167, and ASU 2010-10, "Amendments for Certain
Investment Funds." 

ASU 2009-17 amends the provisions in ASC 810 to require an entity to determine
the need for consolidating a VIE based on qualitative analysis, including
whether the entity has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly impact the entity`s economic performance, and to assess such needs
on an ongoing basis. ASU 2010-10 indefinitely defers the application of
provisions amended by ASU 2009-17 for interests in certain investment funds and
similar entities. 

The effect of the adoption of these provisions on the companies` financial
position and results of operations was immaterial. 

2.BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

For the three-month period ended June 30, 2010

The following is the primary business combination, which was completed during
the three-month period ended June 30, 2010. 

On December 24, 2009, MT Falcon Holdings Company S.A.P.I. de C.V., a 70% owned
subsidiary of the Company, entered into a definitive agreement with Gas Natural
SDG, S.A. to acquire 100% of its outstanding shares of a portfolio of companies
holding five gas-fired combined cycle power stations in Mexico, as well as
relevant companies including a pipeline company. This acquisition for ¥111,519
million (U.S. $1,221 million) was closed on June 2, 2010("acquisition date").
The Company intends to enhance its portfolio of power generating assets through
this acquisition. 

The Company recorded the provisional amounts for assets acquired and liabilities
assumed because the purchase price allocation of the business combination is
incomplete as of the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. The
provisional amounts mainly consist of property and equipment and intangible
assets of ¥65,230 million and ¥46,704 million, respectively, as of the
acquisition date. 

Pro forma results of operations for the above business combination have not been
presented because the effects were not material to the consolidated financial
statements. 

For the three-month period ended June 30, 2009

The business combinations which were completed during the three-month period
ended June 30, 2009 were immaterial. 

3.　MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND OTHER INVESTMENTS

Debt and marketableequity securities

At June 30 and March 31, 2010, the cost, fair value and gross unrealized holding
gains and losses on available-for-sale securities and the amortized cost, fair
value and gross unrealized holding gains and losses on held-to-maturity debt
securities were as follows:

                                             Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                       Unrealized holding gains (losses)                                                                     
                                             Cost                  Fair value                          Gains                            Losses                            Net                            
 June 30, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Available-for-sale:                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Marketable equity securities (Japan)        ¥       223,061     ¥         349,926       ¥                 134,380              ¥       (7,515)               ¥       126,865            
 Marketable equity securities (Non-Japan)            36,960                57,159                          24,048                       (3,849)                       20,199             
 Preferred stock that must be redeemed               77,401                67,449                          212                          (10,164)                      (9,952)            
 Government bonds                                    8,024                 8,031                           7                            -                             7                  
 Other securities                                    1,897                 1,897                           0                            -                             0                  
 March 31, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                
 Available-for-sale:                                                                                                                                                            
 Marketable equity securities (Japan)        ¥       212,367     ¥         416,844       ¥                 204,612              ¥       (135)                 ¥       204,477            
 Marketable equity securities (Non-Japan)            27,212                58,337                          32,611                       (1,486)                       31,125             
 Preferred stock that must be redeemed               78,940                74,595                          271                          (4,616)                       (4,345)            
 Government bonds                                    8,024                 8,036                           12                           -                             12                 
 Other securities                                    1,891                 1,891                           0                            -                             0                  


                                         Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                               Unrealized holding gains (losses)                                                          
                                         Amortized cost                    Fair value                        Gains                             Losses                            Net                
 June 30, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                              
 Held-to-maturity debt securities         ¥         1,056               ¥         1,056               ¥         0                             -                   ¥         0      
 March 31, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                   
 Held-to-maturity debt securities         ¥         117                 ¥         117                 ¥         0                             -                   ¥         0      


At June 30 and March 31, 2010, the companies did not hold available-for-sale
securities, with original maturities of three months or less, included in cash
and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

At June 30 and March 31, 2010, the fair value and gross unrealized holding
losses on available-for-sale securities, aggregated by investment category and
length of time that individual securities have been in continuous unrealized
loss positions, were as follows:

                                                                                     Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                     Less than 12 months                                                                    12 months or more                                                          
                                                                                     Fair value                          Unrealized holding losses                        Fair value                          Unrealized holding losses            
 June 30, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Available-for-sale:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
             Marketable equity securities                                            ¥         95,639                ¥               (11,364)                               -                                           -            
             Debt securities, consisting of preferred stock that must be redeemed              -                                     -                            ¥         66,353                ¥                     (10,164)     
             Total                                                                   ¥         95,639                ¥               (11,364)                     ¥         66,353                ¥                     (10,164)     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 March 31, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Available-for-sale:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
             Marketable equity securities                                            ¥         27,896                ¥               (1,621)                                -                                           -            
             Debt securities, consisting of preferred stock that must be redeemed              -                                     -                            ¥         73,440                ¥                     (4,616)      
             Total                                                                   ¥         27,896                ¥               (1,621)                      ¥         73,440                ¥                     (4,616)      


The companies` investments in available-for-sale securities in an unrealized
holding loss position consisted primarily of marketable equity securities and
preferred stock that must be redeemed. The unrealized losses on marketable
equity securities were due principally to a temporary decline in the stock
market. The companies evaluated the near-term prospects of the issuer of the
equity securities in relation to the severity and duration of impairment. Based
on that evaluation and the companies` ability and intent to hold these
investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for a forecasted recovery
of fair value, the companies did not consider these investments to be
other-than-temporarily impaired at June 30, 2010. 

The unrealized losses on preferred stock that must be redeemed were due to a
devaluation of foreign currencies against the yen in the foreign exchange
market. For current portion of the preferred stock, losses on write-down
recognized to reflect the devaluation of foreign currencies considered to be
other-than-temporary. For non-current portion, the companies evaluated the
prospects of the foreign exchange market for the period of maturity of the
stock. Based on that evaluation, the companies did not consider this portion to
be other-than-temporarily impaired at June 30, 2010. 

For the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009, losses of ¥3,612
million and ¥104 million, respectively, were recognized on write-downs of
available-for-sale securities to reflect the decline in market value considered
to be other-than-temporary. 

The portion of net trading gains and losses for the three-month periods that
relates to trading securities still held at June 30, 2010 and 2009 were as
follows:

                           Millions of Yen                                                   
                           June 30, 2010                    June 30, 2009                  
 Net trading losses         ¥         (6)                ¥         (2)              


The proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities and the gross realized
gains and losses on those sales for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010
and 2009 are shown below:

                             Millions of Yen                                                         
                             June 30, 2010                              June 30, 2009            
 Proceeds from sales          ¥         1,342                        ¥             2,135    
 Gross realized gains         ¥         621                          ¥             712      
 Gross realized losses                  (41)                                       (2)      
 Net trading gains            ¥         580                          ¥             710      


Debt securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at June
30, 2010 mature as follows:

                                        Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                
                                        Available-for-sale                                                                     Held-to-maturity                                                    
                                        Amortized cost                      Aggregate fair value                             Amortized cost                     Aggregate fair value           
 Contractual maturities:                                                                                                                                                         
 Within 1 year                          ¥         8,660                 ¥             9,033                          ¥         47                   ¥                 47         
 After 1 year through 5 years                     70,149                              60,862                                   107                                    107        
 After 5 years through 10 years                   8,513                               7,482                                    -                                      -          
 After 10 years                                   -                                   -                                        902                                    902        
                   Total               ¥         87,322                ¥             77,377                         ¥         1,056                ¥                 1,056      


The actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities shown above
because certain issuers may have the right to redeem debt securities before
their maturity. 

Investments other than debt and marketableequity securities

Investments other than investments in debt and marketable equity securities
consisted primarily of non-marketable equity securities and non-current time
deposits and amounted to ¥451,149 million and ¥482,930 million at June 30 and
March 31, 2010, respectively. The estimation of the corresponding fair values at
those dates was not practicable, as the fair value for all the individual
non-marketable securities held by the companies was not readily determinable at
each balance sheet date. 

Investments in non-marketable equity securities are carried at cost; however, if
the fair value of an investment has declined and such decline is judged to be
other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to its estimated fair
value. 

Losses on write-downs of these investment securities recognized to reflect the
declines in fair value considered to be other-than-temporary were ¥965 million
and ¥2,684 million, for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. 

The aggregate carrying amount of the companies` non-marketable equity securities
accounted for under the cost method totaled ¥403,342 million and ¥434,194
million at June 30 and March 31, 2010, respectively. 

4. PLEDGED ASSETS AND FINANCIAL ASSETS ACCEPTED AS COLLATERAL

Pledged assets

At June 30, 2010 and March 31, 2010, the following assets (exclusive of assets
covered by trust receipts discussed below) were pledged as collateral for
certain liabilities of the companies:

                                                Millions of Yen                   
                                                June 30,           March 31,    
                                                2010               2010         
 Trade receivables (current and non-current)    ¥ 86,438           ¥ 92,004     
 Inventories                                    7,860              2,927        
 Investments                                    193,853            217,672      
 Property leased to others (net book value)     34,641             44,457       
 Property and equipment (net book value)        23,818             23,761       
 Other                                          2,722              9,079        
 Total                                          ¥ 349,332          ¥ 389,900    


The distribution of such collateral among short-term debt, long-term debt, and
financial guarantees and other was as follows:

                                       Millions of Yen                 
                                       June 30,           March 31,  
                                       2010               2010       
 Short-term debt                        ¥ 14,766           ¥ 15,311   
 Long-term debt                         128,941            145,693    
 Financial guarantees and other         205,625            228,896    
                   Total               ¥ 349,332          ¥ 389,900  


Trust receipts issued under customary import financing arrangements (short-term
bank loans and bank acceptances) give banks a security interest in the
merchandise imported and/or the accounts receivable resulting from the sale of
such merchandise. Because of the companies` large volume of import transactions,
it is not practicable to determine the total amount of assets covered by
outstanding trust receipts. 

　In addition to the above, the Company has bank borrowings under certain
provisions of loan agreements which require the Company, upon the request of the
bank, immediately to provide collateral, which is not specified in the loan
agreements. 

Financial assets accepted as collateral

At June 30, 2010 and March 31, 2010, the fair values of financial assets that
the companies accepted as security for trade receivables and that they are
permitted to sell or repledge consisted of the following:

                               Millions of Yen                  
                               June 30,          March 31,    
                               2010              2010         
 Bank deposits                 ¥ 958             ¥ 899        
 Trade receivables-accounts    842               608          
 Stocks and bonds              4,432             4,906        


There were no financial assets repledged or accepted as collateral under
security repurchase agreements at June 30, 2010 or March 31, 2010. 

5. PENSION COSTS AND SEVERANCE INDEMNITIES 

Net periodic pension costs of the companies` defined benefit pension plans for
the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009 included the following
components:

                                                   Millions of Yen                              
                                                   Three-month period ended                     
                                                   June 30, 2010             June 30, 2009    
 Service cost-benefits earned during the period    ¥ 2,155                   ¥ 2,434          
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligation     1,593                     1,582            
 Expected return on plan assets                    (2,006)                   (1,965)          
 Amortization of prior service cost                51                        (16)             
 Amortization of net actuarial loss                1,867                     3,178            
 Curtailment gain                                  (4)                       －                
 Net periodic pension costs                        ¥ 3,656                   ¥ 5,213          


6. EQUITY

Equity transactions with noncontrolling interest shareholders

During the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009, changes in
noncontrolling interests due to equity transactions with noncontrolling interest
shareholders were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                              Millions of Yen                              
                                                                                                                                                              Three-month period ended                     
                                                                                                                                                              June 30, 2010             June 30, 2009    
 Increase in noncontrolling interests due to transfers of Mitsui & Co., Ltd's ownership interests in its subsidiaries to noncontrolling interests             ¥2,198                    ¥1,594           
 (Decrease) increase in noncontrolling interests due to transfers of ownership interests in Mitsui & Co., Ltd's subsidiaries from noncontrolling interests    (9)                       366              


Increase of a noncontrolling interest due to the consolidation of a subsidiary

During the three-month period ended June 30, 2010, ¥12,602 million of a
noncontrolling interest was recorded in equity transactions with noncontrolling
interest shareholders and other in the Statements of Changes in Consolidated
Equity, as a result of the consolidation of MT Falcon Holdings Company S.A.P.I.
de C.V. ("MT Falcon"), with the Company`s 70% ownership interest. See Note 2,
"BUSINESS COMBINATIONS," for further information regarding MT Falcon`s
acquisition of gas-fired power business. 

Gains recorded due to the deconsolidation of subsidiaries

During the three-month period ended June 30, 2010, the companies deconsolidated
certain subsidiaries and recognized pre-tax gains of ¥2,346 million, which were
included in gains on sales of securities-net in the Statements of Consolidated
Income. Of the total gains of ¥2,346 million, ¥1,554 million was recorded as a
result of the remeasurement of the retained investments in the former
subsidiaries to their fair values. 

7. NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO MITSUI & CO., LTD. PER SHARE

The following is a reconciliation of basic net income attributable to Mitsui &
Co., Ltd. per share to diluted net income attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. per
share for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009:

                                                                        Three-Month Period Ended                                                            Three-Month period ended                                                              
                                                                        June 30, 2010                                                                       June 30, 2009                                                                         
                                                                        Net income (numerator)         Shares (denominator)         Per share amount    Net income (numerator)          Shares (denominator)          Per share amount    
                                                                        Millions of Yen                In Thousands                 Yen                 Millions of Yen                 In Thousands                  Yen                 
 Basic Net Income Attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. per Share:                                                                                                                                                                           
 Income from continuing operations                                      ¥102,535                       1,824,779                    ¥56.19              ¥57,813                         1,821,192                     ¥31.74              
 Loss from discontinued operations -net (after income tax effect)       －                              －                            －　                  (491)                           1,821,192                     (0.27)              
 Net income                                                             102,535                        1,824,779                    56.19               57,322                          1,821,192                     31.47               
 Effect of Dilutive Securities:                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Japanese yen convertible bonds                                         -                              -                                                6                               4,286                                             
 Adjustment of effect of dilutive securities of associated companies    (1)                            -                                                (1)                             -                                                 
 Diluted Net Income Attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. per Share:                                                                                                                                                                         
 Income from continuing operations                                      102,534                        1,824,779                    56.19               57,818                          1,825,478                     31.67.              
 Loss from discontinued operations -net (after income tax effect)       －                              －                            －                   (491)                           1,825,478                     (0.27)              
 Net income after effect of dilutive securities                         ¥102,534                       1,824,779                    ¥56.19              ¥57,327                         1,825,478                     ¥31.40              


8. SEGMENT INFORMATION

                                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Three-month period ended June 30, 2010 :                     Iron & Steel       Mineral & Metal Resources      Machinery &           Chemical      Energy          Foods & Retail      Consumer Service       Logistics & Financial Markets    
                                                              Products                                          Infrastructure                                                          & IT                                                    
                                                                                                                
Projects                                                                                                                       
 Revenues                                                     ¥29,831            ¥114,598                       ¥60,124               ¥206,944      ¥246,151        ¥141,488            ¥34,080                ¥17,986                          
 Gross profit                                                 ¥10,162            ¥47,854                        ¥23,518               ¥16,919       ¥51,150         ¥18,695             ¥12,108                ¥10,414                          
 Operating income (loss)                                      ¥2,416             ¥43,436                        ¥2,647                ¥5,264        ¥36,825         ¥3,017              (¥2,408)               ¥3,221                           
 Equity in earnings (losses) of associated companies - net    ¥739               ¥23,420                        ¥8,738                ¥759          ¥9,481          (¥189)              ¥2,008                 ¥2,659                           
 Net income attributable to                                   ¥2,335             ¥39,695                        ¥6,567                ¥3,156        ¥32,564         ¥1,665              ¥4,228                 ¥1,175                           
 Mitsui & Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Total assets at June 30, 2010                                ¥455,819           ¥883,742                       ¥1,397,524            ¥585,497      ¥1,361,678      ¥607,398            ¥512,630               ¥377,324                         
 Investments in and advances to                               ¥23,295            ¥438,575                       ¥330,301              ¥31,517       ¥140,608        ¥83,705             ¥99,075                ¥63,115                          
 associated companies at June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Depreciation and amortization                                ¥665               ¥2,777                         ¥2,424                ¥1,682        ¥17,490         ¥1,637              ¥1,295                 ¥831                             
 Additions to property leased to                              ¥238               ¥10,095                        ¥10,024               ¥3,249        ¥29,072         ¥3,238              ¥557                   ¥3,055                           
 others and property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                                              


                                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                             
 Three-month period ended June 30, 2010 :                     Americas      Europe, the Middle East and Africa      Asia Pacific      Total           All Other       Adjustments and Eliminations      Consolidated Total    
 Revenues                                                     ¥182,424      ¥32,951                                 ¥30,544           ¥1,097,121      ¥472            ¥4                                ¥1,097,597            
 Gross profit                                                 ¥20,528       ¥4,732                                  ¥7,452            ¥223,532        ¥217            (¥310)                            ¥223,439              
 Operating income (loss)                                      ¥7,607        ¥610                                    ¥1,200            ¥103,835        (¥1,364)        (¥12,321)                         ¥90,150               
 Equity in earnings (losses) of associated companies - net    ¥832          ¥286                                    ¥948              ¥49,681         －               ¥230                              ¥49,911               
 Net income attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd                 ¥5,059        ¥383                                    ¥11,745           ¥108,572        ¥1,169          (¥7,206)                          ¥102,535              
 Total assets at June 30, 2010                                ¥462,848      ¥117,991                                ¥285,239          ¥7,047,690      ¥2,730,884      (¥1,573,806)                      ¥8,204,768            
 Investments in and advances to                               ¥28,443       ¥3,734                                  ¥92,670           ¥1,335,038      ¥1,103          ¥34,124                           ¥1,370,265            
 associated companies at June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Depreciation and amortization                                ¥1,479        ¥251                                    ¥289              ¥30,820         ¥175            ¥1,764                            ¥32,759               
 Additions to property leased to                              ¥2,033        ¥553                                    ¥136              ¥62,250         ¥79             ¥2,939                            ¥65,268               
 others and property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                            


                                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Three-month period ended June 30, 2009 (As Restated):        Iron & Steel       Mineral & Metal Resources      Machinery &           Chemical      Energy          Foods & Retail      Consumer Service & IT      Logistics & Financial Markets    
                                                              Products                                          Infrastructure                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                
Projects                                                                                                                           
 Revenues                                                     ¥26,277            ¥62,680                        ¥55,561               ¥200,505      ¥186,446        ¥128,928            ¥39,166                    ¥17,382                          
 Gross profit                                                 ¥8,772             ¥ 14,177                       ¥21,970               ¥18,794       ¥34,520         ¥22,148             ¥11,800                    ¥9,879                           
 Operating income (loss)                                      ¥752               ¥10,387                        ¥3,796                ¥6,520        ¥21,207         ¥6,874              (¥4,410)                   ¥2,764                           
 Equity in earnings (losses) of associated companies - net    ¥1,373             ¥7,451                         ¥8,311                (¥256)        ¥8,054          ¥2,447              ¥971                       ¥988                             
 Net income (loss) attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd          ¥1,415             ¥19,673                        ¥13,044               ¥4,579        ¥15,830         ¥4,912              ¥79                        ¥35                              
 Total assets at June 30, 2009                                ¥465,608           ¥834,910                       ¥1,407,485            ¥540,982      ¥1,492,685      ¥624,466            ¥548,595                   ¥472,836                         
 Investments in and advances to                               ¥21,780            ¥436,119                       ¥321,748              ¥30,487       ¥154,464        ¥80,557             ¥109,769                   ¥19,030                          
 associated companies at June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Depreciation and amortization                                ¥724               ¥2,397                         ¥2,278                ¥1,930        ¥19,657         ¥1,487              ¥1,145                     ¥922                             
 Additions to property leased to                              ¥521               ¥8,825                         ¥11,617               ¥1,415        ¥15,436         ¥1,418              ¥940                       ¥499                             
 others and property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Total trading transactions:                                  ¥224,969           ¥118,467                       ¥236,322              ¥392,857      ¥254,926        ¥452,985            ¥92,499                    ¥31,106                          


                                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                             
 Three-month period ended June 30, 2009 (As Restated):        Americas      Europe, the Middle East and Africa      Asia Pacific      Total           All Other       Adjustments and Eliminations      Consolidated Total    
 Revenues                                                     ¥219,729      ¥21,804                                 ¥21,145           ¥979,623        ¥574            (¥2,754)                          ¥977,443              
 Gross profit                                                 ¥13,644       ¥3,459                                  ¥6,723            ¥165,886        ¥586            ¥285                              ¥166,757              
 Operating income (loss)                                      (¥1,618)      (¥1,345)                                ¥888              ¥45,815         (¥1,049)        (¥11,282)                         ¥33,484               
 Equity in earnings (losses) of associated companies - net    (¥76)         ¥477                                    ¥910              ¥30,650         -               ¥172                              ¥30,822               
 Net income (loss) attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd          (¥2,575)      (¥37)                                   ¥7,432            ¥64,387         (¥243)          (¥6,822)                          ¥57,322               
 Total assets at June 30, 2009                                ¥549,296      ¥156,297                                ¥276,708          ¥7,369,868      ¥2,817,211      (¥1,722,151)                      ¥8,464,928            
 Investments in and advances to                               ¥29,550       ¥17,790                                 ¥79,684           ¥1,300,978      ¥106            ¥19,640                           ¥1,320,724            
 associated companies at June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Depreciation and amortization                                ¥2,323        ¥231                                    ¥171              ¥33,265         ¥130            ¥1,319                            ¥34,714               
 Additions to property leased to                              ¥3,124        ¥265                                    ¥206              ¥44,266         ¥121            ¥1,817                            ¥46,204               
 others and property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Total trading transactions:                                  ¥232,383      ¥99,309                                 ¥97,323           ¥2,233,146      ¥574            (¥3,037)                          ¥2,230,683            


Notes: (1) The figures for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 relating
to discontinued operations have been reclassified. The reclassification to "Loss
from Discontinued Operations - Net (After Income Tax Effect)" is included in
"Adjustments and Elimination." 

(2) "All Other" includes business activities which primarily provide services,
such as financing services and operations services to external customers and/or
to the companies and associated companies. Total assets of "All Other" at June
30, 2010 and 2009 consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents and time
deposits related to financing activities, and assets of certain subsidiaries
related to the above services. 

(3) Net income attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. of "Adjustments and
Eliminations" includes income and expense items that are not allocated to
specific reportable operating segments, such as certain expenses of the
corporate departments, and eliminations of intersegment transactions. Net loss
attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. of "Adjustments and Eliminations" for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2010 includes (a) ¥5,672 million in general
and administrative expenses of the corporate departments excluding pension
costs, (b) a charge of ¥1,673 million for pension related items, and (c) ¥324
million (profit) related to tax items including adjustments of difference
between actual tax rate and intercompany tax rate, and so on (all amounts are
after income tax effects). Net loss attributable to Mitsui & Co., Ltd. of
"Adjustments and Eliminations" for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009
includes (a) ¥5,089 million in general and administrative expenses of the
corporate departments excluding pension costs, (b) a charge of ¥1,719 million
for pension related items, and (c) ¥575 million (loss) related to tax items
including adjustments of difference between actual tax rate and intercompany tax
rate, and so on (all amounts are after income tax effects). 

(4) Transfers between operating segments are made at cost plus a markup. 

(5) During the three-month period ended September 30, 2009, Mitsui & Co.
Financial Services (Australia) which was formerly operating under "Asia Pacific"
segment, was transferred to "All Other" with the aim to optimize the in-house
banking operation. In accordance with this change, the operating segment
information for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 has been restated to
conform to the current year presentation. 

(6) During the three-month period ended June 30, 2010, revenues instead of total
trading transactions of the operating segments are disclosed in the operating
segment information, since the item was newly included in the measure of
segments' performance reviewed by the chief operating decision maker. In
accordance with this change, revenues are added to the operating segment
information for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 to ensure
comparability. 

(7) Operating income (loss) reflects the companies` (a) gross profit, (b)
selling, general and administrative expenses, and (c) provision for doubtful
receivables, as presented in the Statements of Consolidated Income. 

(8) Tax effects on investments in associated companies which had been formerly
included in "Equity in Earnings of Associated Companies " (after income tax
effect) were included in "Income Taxes" from the three-month period ended
September 30, 2009. At the same time, the line item, "Equity in Earnings of
Associated Companies" (after income tax effect) was changed to "Equity in
Earnings of Associated Companies - Net." The figures for the three-month period
ended June 30, 2009 have been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. 

(9) During the three-month period ended March 31, 2010, the companies changed
the reporting of total trading transactions for transactions where the Company
and certain subsidiaries serve as an agent, and not as a contracting party, from
gross amounts, which included transaction volume exchanged between the
contracting parties and commissions earned as an agent; to net amounts, which
include only commissions. In accordance with this change, the operating segment
information for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009 has been
reclassified. 

9. INCOME TAXES

The effective tax rates were 42.1% and 10.8% for the three-month periods ended
June 30, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The effective tax rate for the three-month
period ended June 30, 2009 was low due to the reversal of deferred tax
liabilities related to dividends received from associated companies. The
deferred tax liabilities for the undistributed earnings of associated companies
had been recognized under the assumption that the investments in these companies
would be sold in the future. The effective tax rate for the three-month period
ended June 30, 2010 increased due to the decline of reversal of deferred tax
liabilities. 

10. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

Ⅰ. GUARANTEES

The table below summarizes the companies` guarantees as defined in ASC460,
"Guarantees," at June 30 and March 31, 2010. The maximum potential amount of
future payments represents the amounts without consideration of possible
recoveries under recourse provisions or from collateral held or pledged that the
companies could be obliged to pay if there were defaults by guaranteed parties
or there were changes in an underlying which would cause triggering events under
market value guarantees and indemnification contracts. Such amounts bear no
relationship to the anticipated losses on these guarantees and indemnifications,
and, in the aggregate, they greatly exceed anticipated losses. 

The companies evaluate risks involved for each guarantee in an internal
screening procedure before issuing a guaranty and regularly monitor outstanding
positions and record adequate allowance to cover losses expected from probable
performance under these agreements. The companies believe that the likelihood to
perform guarantees which will materially affect the consolidated financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows of the companies is remote at
June 30, 2010.

 Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                Amount outstanding              Recourse provisions/ collateral             Maximum potential amount of future payments             Carrying amount of liabilities              Expire            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                no later than     
 June 30, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Type of guarantees:                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Financial guarantees:                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Guarantees for third parties                   ¥                 154,660     ¥                         32,672          ¥                                 187,376             ¥                         790             2045              
 Guarantees for associated companies                              74,790                                7,309                                             98,621                                        4,511           2036              
 Guarantees to financial institutions for                         5,141                                 -                                                 5,141                                         -               2035              
 employees' housing loans                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Total                                          ¥                 234,591     ¥                         39,981          ¥                                 291,138             ¥                         5,301                             
 Market value guarantees:                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Obligation to repurchase bills of exchange     ¥                 52,976      ¥                         49,601          ¥                                 52,976                                        -               2011              
 Residual value guarantees of leased assets                       8,175                                 -                                                 8,175                                         -               2015              
 Total                                          ¥                 61,151      ¥                         49,601          ¥                                 61,151                                        -                                 
 Derivative instruments                         ¥                 7,597                                 -               ¥                                 7,597               ¥                         249                               


 　　　　Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                 Amount outstanding               Recourse provisions/ collateral              Maximum potential amount of future payments              Carrying amount of liabilities               Expire            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     no later than     
 March 31, 2010:                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Type of guarantees:                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Financial guarantees:                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Guarantees for third parties                    ¥                 161,658      ¥                         29,781           ¥                                 190,782              ¥                         893              2042              
 Guarantees for associated companies                               86,764                                 8,596                                              128,949                                        4,719            2045              
 Guarantees to financial institutions for                          5,382                                  -                                                  5,382                                          -                2035              
 employees' housing loans                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Total                                           ¥                 253,804      ¥                         38,377           ¥                                 325,113              ¥                         5,612                              
 Market value guarantees:                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Obligation to repurchase bills of exchange      ¥                 56,910       ¥                         53,516           ¥                                 56,910                                         -                2010              
 Minimum purchase price guarantees                                 8,177                                  -                                                  8,177                ¥                         224              2014              
 Residual value guarantees of leased assets                        8,976                                  -                                                  8,976                                          -                2015              
 Total                                           ¥                 74,063       ¥                         53,516           ¥                                 74,063               ¥                         224                                
 Derivative instruments                          ¥                 12,065                                 -                ¥                                 12,065               ¥                         420                                


(1) Financial guarantees

The companies provide various types of guarantees to the benefit of third
parties and related parties principally to enhance their credit standings, and
would be required to execute payments if a guaranteed party failed to fulfill
its obligation with respect to a borrowing or trade payable. 

Categories of financial guarantees are as follows: 

Guarantees for third parties

The companies guarantee, severally or jointly with others, indebtedness of
certain customers and suppliers in the furtherance of their trading activities. 

Guarantees for associated companies

The companies, severally or jointly with others, issue guarantees for associated
companies for the purpose of furtherance of their trading activities and credit
enhancement of associated companies. 

Guarantees to financial institutions for employees` housing loans

As a part of its employee benefits program, the Company issues guarantees to
financial institutions for employees` housing loans. The maximum duration of the
guarantees is 25 years. The Company obtains a mortgage on the employees` assets,
if necessary. 

(2) Market value guarantees

Obligation to repurchase bills of exchange

In connection with export transactions, the Company issues bills of exchange,
some of which are discounted by its negotiating banks. If a customer fails to
fulfill its obligation with respect to the bills, the Company would be obligated
to repurchase the bills based on the banking transaction agreement. The maximum
potential amount of future payments is represented by the aggregate par value of
the bills discounted by the banks, and the recourse provisions and collateral
are represented by the amount backed by letters of credit from the issuing banks
of the customers. 

Minimum purchase price guarantees

To support financing activities of a partner of the joint venture which owns
interests in oil & gas producing fields, a subsidiary has committed to bid a
certain amount in the sale of the partner`s stock by the bank which provides
financing for the partner if the partner defaults. The Company provides
marketing services of aircraft for domestic and overseas airline companies, and
as a part of such businesses, the Company issues market value guarantees on the
aircraft for certain customers. 

At June 30, 2010, the commitment for a certain subsidiary to bid a certain
amount in the sale of the stock of the partner which owns interests in oil & gas
producing fields is discharged. Meanwhile, the obligation for the Company to
purchase the aircraft for a certain amount is extinguished as well. No minimum
purchase price guarantee is recorded at June 30, 2010. 

Residual Value guarantees of leased assets

As lessees in operating lease contracts, a subsidiary has issued residual value
guarantees on the leased locomotives. On the date of expiration of the operating
lease contracts, in case of sales of those leased locomotives to the third
party, the subsidiary will be responsible for making up any shortfall between
the actual sales price and the guaranteed price for sales of those leased
locomotives to the third party. 

(3) Derivative instruments

Certain derivative contracts, including written put options and credit default
swaps, meet the accounting definition of guarantees under ASC460, "Guarantees,"
when it is probable that the counterparties have underlying assets or
liabilities related to the derivative contracts. 

The companies consider the business relationship with counterparties and other
circumstances in deciding whether it is probable that the counterparties have
underlying assets or liabilities, and did not include the derivative contracts
with certain financial institutions and traders. 

ASC460, "Guarantees," does not require disclosure about derivative contracts if
such contracts permit or require net settlement and the companies have no basis
for concluding that it is probable that the counterparties have underlying
assets or liabilities. 

The companies have written put options as a part of various derivative
transactions related to energy, non-ferrous metals, precious metals and grain.
The aggregation of notional amounts computed based on the strike prices and
quantities of written options are disclosed as the total amount outstanding and
the maximum potential amount of future payments. The carrying amount of
liabilities is represented by the fair value of such written options recorded in
the consolidated financial statements. 

The companies manage the market and credit risks on these derivative instruments
by monitoring fair values against loss limits and credit lines, and generally
the maximum potential amount of future payments as stated above greatly
overstates the companies` exposure to market and credit risks. 

(4) Indemnification contracts

Indemnification for cargo delivery

The companies have issued Discharging Letters of Indemnification ("DLOI") to
shipping companies for international trading activities. The maximum potential
amount of future payments can not be estimated since the amount to be
compensated is not specified in DLOI. No liability is recorded since the
companies believe that there is little likelihood of incurring any loss from the
DLOI. 

Joint obligation under membership agreement in commodity exchanges

The companies are members of major commodity exchanges in Japan and overseas. In
connection with these memberships, the companies provide guarantees to the
exchanges. Under the membership agreements, if a member becomes unable to
satisfy its obligations to the exchange, the other members would be required to
meet such shortfall apportioned among the non-defaulting members in a prescribed
manner. The companies` maximum potential amount of future payments related to
these joint obligations is not quantifiable, however no liability is recorded
since the companies believe that there is little likelihood of being required to
make any payments under these obligations. 

(5) Product warranties

Certain subsidiaries provide warranties, in relation to their sales of products,
including residential houses and automobiles, for the performance of such
products during specified warranty periods, and they are responsible for repair
or payments of compensation against the claims by the customers regarding
defects in performance or function. Estimated warranty costs are accrued at the
time the products are sold based on the historical claim experiences. 

Mitsui Bussan House-Techno, Inc., a 100% subsidiary engaged in the custom-made
house building business, exited from the business due to the downturn of the
business environment caused by declining demand, however, the companies retained
the obligation for the future maintenance service, because Bussan Housing
Maintenance Co., Ltd. a 100% subsidiary, assumed the obligation for periodical
inspection and maintenance service for a contractual period after the
completion. 

A tabular reconciliation of changes in the estimated liabilities for product
warranties for the three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and 2009 are as
follows:

                                                          Millions of Yen                                            
                                                          June 30, 2010                   June 30, 2009            
 Balance at beginning of the period                       ¥           5,762            ¥             6,534    
 Payments made in cash or in kind                                     (112)                          (41)     
 Accrual for warranties issued during the period                      169                            248      
 Changes in accrual related to pre-existing warranties                (494)                          (294)    
 Balance at end of the period                             ¥           5,325            ¥             6,447    


Ⅱ. LITIGATION

See Note 15, "The Oil Spill Incident of a Drilling Rig in the Gulf of Mexico,"
for lawsuits on the incident. 

Various claims and legal actions are pending against the companies in respect of
contractual obligations and other matters arising out of the conduct of the
companies` business. Appropriate provision has been recorded for the estimated
loss on claims and legal actions. In the opinion of management, any additional
liabilities will not materially affect the consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 

11. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES

The companies are involved with VIEs which mainly engage in leasing and
financing activities within the Machinery & Infrastructure Projects, Energy and
Logistics & Financial Markets Segments. 

When evaluating whether the companies are the primary beneficiary of a VIE and
must therefore consolidate the VIE, we perform a qualitative analysis that the
primary beneficiary of a VIE has both the: (1) power to direct the activities of
a VIE that most significantly impact the entity`s economic performance and (2)
obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that
could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

Consolidated Variable Interest Entities

The VIEs that have been consolidated by the companies in accordance with ASC No.
810 "Consolidation," are described by group aggregated in similar
characteristics of risks and rewards of each VIE as follows. 

The companies hold senior investment securities of VIEs whose operations are
real estate development ("Real estate development VIEs") as of June 30 and March
31, 2010. The companies also hold a majority of the voting interest in a VIE
whose primary activity is chartering a vessel, which is a single-lessee leasing
arrangement ("Vessel chartering VIE").These VIEs are financed mainly by issuance
of stock including preferred securities or borrowings. 

The total assets of Real estate development VIEs as of June 30 and March 31,
2010 are ¥9,632 million and ¥4,863 million, respectively; and the total assets
of Vessel chartering VIE as of June 30 and March 31, 2010 are ¥3,170 million and
¥3,334 million, respectively. 

The consolidated assets are pledged as collateral for Real estate development
VIEs` long-term debt, and their carrying amounts as of June 30, 2010 are ¥5,082
million. The consolidated assets are classified as real estate for sale,
included in inventories in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The consolidated VIE
did not pledge any of its assets as collateral as of March 31, 2010. 

In addition, the companies have an agreement with Real estate development VIE to
provide financial support by purchasing additional beneficial interest
securities of the VIE if any breach of loan contracts occurs. 

The companies did not provide any financial or other support to the VIEs that
they were not previously contractually obligated to provide for the three-month
period ended June 30, 2010 and for the year ended March 31, 2010. 

The creditors or beneficial interest holders of the consolidated VIEs do not
have recourse to the general credit of the companies. 

Non-consolidated Variable Interest Entities

The VIEs that are not consolidated because the companies are not the primary
beneficiary, but in which the companies have significant variable interests, are
described as follows: 

The companies are involved with and have significant variable interests in a
number of VIEs that have been established to finance crude oil and LNG producing
plants and equipment or to finance subordinated debts by providing guarantees or
subordinated loans to the VIEs. Those VIEs provide financing for customers
located principally in Latin America, Middle East, and Southeast Asia in the
form of leases and loans. These entities are financed mainly by bank borrowings
and issuance of stock including preferred securities. 

The total assets of the VIEs and the companies` maximum exposure to loss and as
of June 30, 2010 are ¥1,623,323 million and ¥111,646 million, respectively. The
total assets of the VIEs and the companies` maximum exposure to loss as of March
31, 2010 were ¥1,645,609 million and ¥114,449 million, respectively. The total
assets of the VIEs reflect the most current information available to the
companies. 

The amount of maximum exposure to loss represents a loss that the companies
could incur from the variability in value of the leased assets, from financial
difficulties of the customers or from other causes without consideration of
possible recoveries through insurance and the like. In addition, the amount
bears no relation to the loss anticipated to be incurred from the companies`
involvement with the VIEs and is considered to exceed greatly the anticipated
loss. 

The maximum exposure to loss represents the amounts of investments, advances and
guarantees provided by the companies to the VIEs as of June 30 and March 31,
2010. 

The companies did not provide any financial or other than support to the VIEs
that they were not previously contractually obligated to provide for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2010 and for the year ended March 31, 2010. 

12. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES

The companies are exposed to market risks related to foreign currency exchange
rates, interest rates and commodity prices in the ordinary course of business. 

In order to offset or reduce these risks, the companies use derivative
instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swap
agreements, interest rate swap agreements, commodity future, forward, option and
swap contracts, to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value or expected
future cash flows of recognized assets and liabilities, unrecognized firm
commitments or forecasted transactions. The companies also use non-derivative
financial instruments, such as foreign-currency-denominated debt, to hedge the
foreign currency exposure in the net investment in a foreign operation. 

The notional amounts of the companies' derivative instruments as of June, 30
2010 and March 31, 2010 were as follows:

                                      Billions of Yen                              
                                      June 30 , 2010          March 31 , 2010    
 Foreign exchange contracts           ¥ 2,161                 ¥ 2,341            
 Interest rate contracts              1,889                   2,023              
 Commodity contracts                  25,453                  23,801             
 Other contracts                      1                       4                  
 Total derivative notional amounts    ¥ 29,504                ¥ 28,169           


Foreign currency exchange rate risk hedging activities

The companies use derivative instruments, such as foreign exchange forward
contracts, currency swap agreements and interest rate and currency swap
agreements, to fix the expected future cash flows from
foreign-currency-denominated receivables and payables resulting from selling and
purchasing activities in currencies other than the local currency and long-term
financing transactions as part of the companies` global operations in many
countries. The companies also use non-derivative financial instruments, such as
foreign-currency-denominated debt, in order to hedge the foreign currency
exposure in the net investment in a foreign operation. 

Interest rate risk hedging activities

The companies use interest rate swap agreements and interest rate and currency
swap agreements to diversify the sources of fund raising, reduce fund-raising
costs, fix the expected future cash flows from long-term financial assets and
liabilities with floating interest rates and reduce the exposure to changes in
the fair value of long-term financial assets and liabilities with fixed interest
rates. 

Commodity price risk hedging activities

The companies use derivative instruments, such as commodity future, forward,
option and swap contracts, to reduce the exposure to changes in the fair value
of inventories and unrecognized firm commitments and to fix the expected future
cash flows from forecasted transactions in marketable commodities, such as
non-ferrous metals, crude oil and agricultural products. 

Risk management policy

The companies have strictly separated the trading sections from the sections
that record the results and positions of derivative instruments and are
responsible for cash settlement and account confirmation with counterparties.
Risk management sections classify the derivative transactions into trading
transactions and hedging transactions. The distinction between trading and
hedging transactions is strictly managed by confirming the correspondence with
the hedged items for transactions for hedging purposes. Furthermore, these risk
management sections comprehensively monitor, evaluate and analyze the positions
of derivative instruments and report the results periodically to the Company`s
executive officers in charge of risk management. Based on these reports, the
executive officers assess derivative instruments and the market risks
surrounding these instruments, and establish the companies` risk management
policy regarding derivative instruments. 

Fair value hedges

Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments designated as hedging the
exposure to changes in the fair value of recognized assets or liabilities or
unrecognized firm commitments are recorded in earnings together with changes in
the fair value of the corresponding hedged items attributable to the hedged
risks. 

The net gain or loss recognized in earnings representing the amount of the
hedges` ineffectiveness and the component of the derivative instruments` gain or
loss excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness were immaterial for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2010. 

The amount of net gain or loss recognized in earnings when a hedged firm
commitment no longer qualifies as a fair value hedge was immaterial for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2010. 

The companies include the gain and loss on the hedged items in the same line
item as the offsetting loss or gain on the derivative instruments designated as
hedging instruments. 

The following table presents the gain/(loss) on hedged items and derivative
instruments designated and qualifying as a fair value hedge included within the
Statements of Consolidated Income for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009
and June 30, 2010:

 Three-Month Period Ended     Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                               
 June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                                                              
 Income statement location    Hedged items         Gain (loss) on hedged items       Hedging instruments                                          Gain (loss) on hedging instruments  
 Interest expense             Long-term debt       ¥ (715)                           Interest rate contracts and foreign exchange contracts       ¥ 767                               
 Other income-net             Long-term debt       (637)                             Foreign exchange contracts                                   477                                 
 Total                                             ¥ (1,352)                                                                                      ¥ 1,244                             


 Three-Month Period Ended     Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                  
 June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Income statement location    Hedged items            Gain (loss) on hedged items       Hedging instruments                                          Gain (loss) on hedging instruments  
 Interest expense             Long-term debt          ¥ (12,493)                        Interest rate contracts and foreign exchange contracts       ¥ 12,435                            
 Other income-net             Long-term debt          (3,505)                           Foreign exchange contracts                                   2,881                               
 Cost of products sold        Firm commitments        (596)                             Commodity contracts                                          596                                 
                              and inventories                                                                                                                                            
 Total                                                ¥ (16,594)                                                                                     ¥ 15,912                            


Cash flow hedges

Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts, currency swap
agreements and interest rate and currency swap agreements designated as hedging
instruments to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
of recognized assets or liabilities, unrecognized firm commitments and
forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies are initially recorded
as other comprehensive income ("OCI") to the extent they are effective. The
amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") are reclassified into
earnings when earnings are affected by the hedged items. 

Changes in the fair value of interest rate swap agreements designated as hedging
instruments to reduce the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
of floating-rate financial assets and liabilities are initially recorded as OCI
to the extent they are effective. The amounts in AOCI are reclassified into
earnings as interest income and expense when earnings are affected by the hedged
items. 

Changes in the fair value of commodity forward and swap contracts designated as
hedging instruments to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash
flows of the marketable commodities are initially recorded as OCI to the extent
they are effective. The amounts in AOCI are reclassified into earnings as sales
of products or cost of products sold when earnings are affected by the hedged
transactions. 

The ineffective portion of the hedging instruments` gain or loss and the
component of the derivative instruments` gain or loss excluded from the
assessment of hedge effectiveness are reported in earnings immediately. If the
hedged forecasted transaction will not occur by the end of the originally
specified time period, gain or loss on the hedging instrument reported in AOCI
is reclassified into earnings. These amounts were immaterial for the three-month
period ended June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2010. 

The estimated net amount of the existing gains or losses in AOCI at June 30,
2010 that is expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months
is a net gain of ¥5,051 million. 

The maximum length of time over which the companies are hedging their exposure
to the variability in expected future cash flows for forecasted transactions
(excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable
interest on existing financial instruments) is 17 months. Foreign exchange
forward contracts are used as hedging instruments for the forecasted
transactions. 

Hedges of the net investment in a foreign operation

The foreign currency transaction gain or loss on the derivative instrument and
the non-derivative financial instrument that are designated as, and are
effective as, hedging instruments to hedge the foreign currency exposure of a
net investment in a foreign operation are recorded as foreign currency
translation adjustments within OCI to the extent they are effective as a hedge. 

Derivative instruments for trading purposes and risk management policy

The Company and certain subsidiaries use derivative instruments such as foreign
exchange forward contracts, interest rate swap agreements and commodity future,
forward, swap and option contracts for trading purposes. The Company`s executive
officers in charge of risk management have set strict position and loss limits
for these instruments. Independent back and middle offices strictly separated
from trading sections (front offices) monitor, evaluate and analyze the position
of trading transactions and market risks. Those results are periodically
reported to the executive officers. Among others, VaR (Value at Risk:
Statistical measure of the potential maximum loss in the fair value of a
portfolio resulting from adverse market movements in the underlying risk factors
such as foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices,
over a defined period, within a certain confidence level) is used to measure the
market risks of derivative instruments for trading purposes. 

The following table presents the fair value of derivative instruments included
within the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30 and March 31, 2010:

 Derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 "Derivatives and Hedging"                                                                                                              
                                       Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                      June 30,                March 31,                                                June 30,                March 31,           
                                                                      2010                    2010                                                     2010                    2010                
 Derivative instruments                Balance sheet                  Fair value              Fair value              Balance sheet                    Fair value              Fair value          
 location                    location  
 Foreign exchange contracts            Derivative assets              ¥       5,094          ¥       7,053          Derivative liabilities           ¥       8,045          ¥       1,964      
                                       Non-current receivables,               14,464                 12,026         Other Long-Term Liabilities              3,850                  3,544      
                                       less unearned interest                                                                                                                                  
 Interest rate contracts               Derivative assets                      970                    434            Derivative liabilities                   454                    354        
                                       Non-current receivables,               36,144                 27,582         Other Long-Term Liabilities              3,832                  4,959      
                                       less unearned interest                                                                                                                                  
 Commodity contracts                   Derivative assets                      411                    966            Derivative liabilities                   253                    889        
 Total                                                                ¥       57,083         ¥       48,061                                          ¥       16,434         ¥       11,710     
                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 "Derivatives and Hedging"                                                                                                          
                                       Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                      June 30,                March 31,                                                June 30,                March 31,           
                                                                      2010                    2010                                                     2010                    2010                
 Derivative instruments                Balance sheet                  Fair value              Fair value              Balance sheet                    Fair value              Fair value          
 Location                    location  
 Foreign exchange contracts            Derivative assets              ¥       32,043         ¥       18,856         Derivative liabilities           ¥       25,780         ¥       23,669     
                                       Non-current receivables,               11,521                 10,434         Other Long-Term Liabilities              17,174                 12,938     
                                       less unearned interest                                                                                                                                  
 Interest rate contracts               Derivative assets                      2,943                  4,222          Derivative liabilities                   2,699                  3,069      
                                       Non-current receivables,               10,179                 8,497          Other Long-Term Liabilities              10,429                 10,623     
                                       less unearned interest                                                                                                                                  
 Commodity contracts                   Derivative assets                      735,102                919,170        Derivative liabilities                   732,622                919,872    
                                       Non-current receivables,               529,691                465,281        Other Long-Term Liabilities              549,281                481,513    
                                       less unearned interest                                                                                                                                  
 Credit contracts                      Non-current receivables,               3                      -              Other Long-Term Liabilities              -                      32         
                                       less unearned interest                                                                                                                                  
 Total                                                                ¥       1,321,482      ¥       1,426,460                                       ¥       1,337,985      ¥       1,451,716  


 Non-derivative designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 "Derivatives and Hedging"                                                        
                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                  
                                                                                            June 30, 2010             March 31, 2010       
 Hedging instruments                          Balance sheet                                 Carrying amount           Carrying amount      
                                    location                                                
 Foreign-currency-denominated debt            Current maturities of long-term debt          ¥         19,922         ¥         10,770    
                                              Long-term Debt, less Current Maturities                 164,238                  134,207   
 Total                                                                                      ¥         184,160        ¥         144,977   


The following tables present the amount affecting the Statements of Consolidated
Income and other comprehensive income for the three-month period ended June 30,
2009 and June 30, 2010: 

Derivative instruments in ASC 815 fair value hedging relationships

 Three-Month Period Ended                      Millions of Yen                                                                                               
 June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                               
 Derivative instruments                        Location of gain (loss) recognized in income of derivative instruments          Amount of gain (loss)       
                                                                                                                               recognized in income        
                                                                                                                               
on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange contracts                    Interest expense                                                                ¥ 575                       
                             Other income-net                                                                          477     
 Interest rate contracts                       Interest expense                                                                192                         
 Total                                                                                                                         ¥ 1,244                     


 Three-Month Period Ended                      Millions of Yen                                                                                               
 June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                               
 Derivative instruments                        Location of gain (loss) recognized in income of derivative instruments          Amount of gain (loss)       
                                                                                                                               recognized in income        
                                                                                                                               
on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange contracts                    Interest expense                                                                ¥ (179)                     
                             Other income-net                                                                          2,881   
 Interest rate contracts                       Interest expense                                                                12,614                      
 Commodity contracts                           Cost of products sold                                                           596                         
 Total                                                                                                                         ¥ 15,912                    


Derivative instruments in ASC 815 cash flow relationships

                                   Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Three-Month Period Ended          Effective portion                                                                                                                                                                                            Ineffective portion and amount excluded from effective testing                                                                                                          
 June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Derivative instruments            Amount of gain (loss) recognized in OCI on derivative instruments        Location of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income        Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income      Location of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative　 instruments                         Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange                  ¥ 9,772                                                                  Sales of products                                                 ¥ 1,395                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Cost of services sold      (182)  
                                   Other income-net                                                         1,342                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Interest rate contracts                                                                                    Interest expense                                                  (444)                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Commodity contracts               (628)                                                                    Cost of products sold                                             2,156                                                         Cost of products sold                                                                           ¥ 228                                                                 
 Total                             ¥ 9,144                                                                                                                                    ¥ 4,267                                                                                                                                                       ¥ 228                                                                 


                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Three-Month Period Ended     Effective portion                                                                                                                                                                                            Ineffective portion and amount excluded from effective testing                                                                                                         
 June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Derivative instruments       Amount of gain (loss) recognized in OCI on derivative instruments        Location of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income        Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income      Location of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments                         Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange             ¥ (10,778)                                                               Other income-net                                                  ¥ (1,252)                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Interest rate contracts      (746)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Commodity contracts          (386)                                                                                                                                                                                                    Sales of products                                                                              ¥ 361                                                                 
 Total                        ¥ (11,910)                                                                                                                                 ¥ (1,252)                                                                                                                                                    ¥ 361                                                                 


Derivative instruments and hedging instruments in ASC 815 net investment hedging
relationships

                                       Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Three-Month Period Ended              Effective portion                                                                                                                                                                                            Ineffective portion and amount excluded from effective testing                                                                                                         
 June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Derivative instruments                Amount of gain (loss) recognized in OCI on derivative instruments        Location of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income        Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income      Location of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments                         Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange                      ¥ 3,454                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Foreign-currency -denominated debt    1,782                                                                    Other income-net                                                  ¥ (201)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Total                                 ¥ 5,236                                                                                                                                    ¥ (201)                                                                                                                                                                                                                            


                                       Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 Three-Month Period Ended              Effective portion                                                                                                                                                                                            Ineffective portion and amount excluded from effective testing                                                                                                         
 June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Derivative instruments                Amount of gain (loss) recognized in OCI on derivative instruments        Location of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income        Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income      Location of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments                         Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange                      ¥ 1,993                                                                                                                                                                                                  Other income-net                                                                               ¥ 625                                                                 
 contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Foreign-currency -denominated debt    6,579                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 Total                                 ¥ 8,572                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ¥ 625                                                                 


Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815

 Three-Month Period Ended      Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                         
 June 30, 2009                                                                                                                                                                         
 Derivative instruments        Location of gain (loss) recognized in income of derivative instruments          Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange contracts    Other sales                                                                     ¥ 1,161                                                               
                               Cost of products sold                                                           (226)                                                                 
                               Interest income                                                                 140                                                                   
                               Interest expense                                                                (137)                                                                 
                               Other income-net                                                                (1,286)                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Interest rate contracts       Other sales                                                                     (881)                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Commodity contracts           Sales of products                                                               (4,815)                                                               
                               Other sales                                                                     （1,002）                                                               
                               Cost of products sold                                                           (8,933)                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Credit contracts              Other income-net                                                                (274)                                                                 
 Total                                                                                                         ¥ (16,253)                                                            


 Three-Month Period Ended      Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                         
 June 30, 2010                                                                                                                                                                         
 Derivative instruments        Location of gain (loss) recognized in income of derivative instruments          Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income on derivative instruments  
 Foreign exchange contracts    Other sales                                                                     ¥ 411                                                                 
                               Cost of products sold                                                           (593)                                                                 
                               Other income-net                                                                6,164                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Interest rate contracts       Other sales                                                                     1,802                                                                 
                               Interest expense                                                                318                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Commodity contracts           Sales of products                                                               2,688                                                                 
                               Other sales                                                                     8,663                                                                 
                               Cost of products sold                                                           3,943                                                                 
                               Other income-net                                                                (431)                                                                 
                               
 Total                                                                                                         ¥ 22,965                                                              


Credit-risk-related contingent features

Certain of the companies` derivative instruments mainly for commodity future,
forward, option and swap contracts contain provisions that require the
companies` debt to maintain a certain credit rating from each of the major
credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor`s Services. If the credit rating
of the companies` debt is to fall below a designated credit rating, it will be
in violation of these provisions, and the counterparties to the derivative
instruments can request early termination or demand immediate and ongoing
overnight collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability
positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with
credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on
June 30, 2010, was ¥96,744 million (¥27,852 million on the net basis of
liability position after offsetting derivative assets against derivative
liabilities in accordance with the adoption of ASC 210-20 "Balance
Sheet-Offsetting ") . We have posted collateral of ¥15,168 million in the normal
course of business associated with these contracts. If the credit-risk-related
contingent features underlying these agreements were triggered on June 30, 2010,
the aggregate fair value of additional assets that would be required to be
posted as collateral and/or the aggregate fair value of assets needed to settle
the instrument would be ¥13,386 million. 

13. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

In accordance with the requirements of ASC825-10-50, "Disclosures about Fair
Value of Financial Instruments," the companies have provided the following fair
value estimates and information about valuation methodologies. 

Quoted market prices, where available, are used to estimate fair values of
financial instruments. However, quoted market prices are not available for a
substantial portion of the financial instruments. Accordingly, fair values for
such financial instruments are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis or
other valuation techniques. 

Current financial assets other than marketable securities and current financial
liabilities

The carrying amount approximates the fair value of the majority of these
instruments because of their short maturities. 

Marketable securities and other investments

See Note 3, "MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND OTHER INVESTMENTS," and Note 14, "FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS." 

Non-current receivables and advances to associated companies

The fair values of non-current receivables, including fixed rate, long-term
loans receivable, are estimated by discounted cash flow analysis, using interest
rates currently being offered for loans or accounts receivable with similar
terms to borrowers or customers of similar credit quality and remaining
maturities. The carrying amounts of loans with floating rates approximate the
fair value. 

Long-term debt

The fair values for long-term debt, except for debt with floating rates whose
carrying amounts approximate fair value, are estimated by discounted cash flow
analysis, using rates currently available for similar types of borrowings with
similar terms and remaining maturities. 

Financial guarantees and financing commitments

The fair values of financial guarantees are estimated based on the present
values of expected future cash flows, considering the remaining terms of the
arrangements and the counterparties` credit standings. 

The companies have not estimated the fair values of financing commitments
because management does not believe it is practicable to estimate the fair
values due to uncertainty involved in attempting to assess the likelihood and
timing of commitments being drawn upon, coupled with the lack of an established
market. However, management believes the likelihood is remote that material
payments will be required under these financing commitments. 

Derivative financial instruments

See Note 14, "FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS." 

The estimated fair values of certain financial instruments at June 30 and March
31, 2010 were as follows:

                                                                         Millions of Yen                                                                               
                                                                         June 30 , 2010                                            March 31 , 2010                 
                                                                         Carrying amount         Fair value      Carrying amount                   Fair value    
 Financial Assets (other than derivative financial instruments):                                                                                                 
 Current financial assets other than marketable securities               ¥3,367,045              ¥3,367,045      ¥3,467,283                        ¥3,467,283    
 Non-current receivables and advances to associated companies                                                                                                    
 (less allowance for doubtful receivables)                               263,186                 265,228         267,594                           268,190       
                                                                                                                                                                 
 Financial Liabilities (other than derivative financial instruments):                                                                                            
 Current financial liabilities                                           1,802,212               1,802,212       1,824,030                         1,824,030     
 Long-term debt (including current maturities)                           3,329,348               3,397,463       3,386,747                         3,444,758     


CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

The companies` global operations include a variety of businesses with diverse
customers and suppliers, which reduces concentrations of credit risks. The
companies mainly deal with selective international financial institutions to
minimize the credit risk exposure of derivative financial instruments. Credit
risk represents the likelihood that the counterparties may be unable to meet the
terms of the agreements. Management does not expect any significant losses as a
result of counterparty default on financial instruments. Credit risk is managed
with approvals of credit line by management and monitoring counterparty`s
operations continuously. The companies require counterparty to post collateral,
if necessary. 

14.Fair Value Measurements

ASC 820 "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures," defines fair value as the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC
820 "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures" establishes the fair value
hierarchy that may be used to measure fair value which is provided as follows: 

Level 1

Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities. 

Level 2

Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include
the following: 

(1) Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets 

(2) Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active 

(3) Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
liability 

(4) Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable
market data by correlation or other means 

Level 3

Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

Effective January 1, 2010, the companies adopted ASU 2010-06, "Improving
Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements," and recognize transfers of assets or
liabilities between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of each
reporting period when the transfers occur. 

Valuation Techniques

Primary valuation techniques used for each financial instrument and nonfinancial
asset measured at fair value are as follows: 

Securities

* Marketable equity securities and debt securities are measured at fair value. 
* Publicly-traded, marketable equity securities are valued using quoted market
prices and classified as level 1. 
* Debt securities, consisting principally of preferred stock that must be
redeemed and government bonds, are valued using a discounted cash flow analysis
or quoted prices obtained from third parties, and classified as level 2. 
* In the event of an other-than-temporary decline in fair value of
non-marketable equity securities and investments in associated companies, these
are measured at fair value. Retained investments in the former consolidated
subsidiaries are remeasured at fair value with gains and losses recognized in
earnings when subsidiaries are deconsolidated. The investments in listed
associated companies are valued based on quoted market prices. These are
classified as level 1. The investments in unlisted associated companies and
non-marketable equity securities are valued based on the net assets value of its
investment adjusted using cash flows and other factors that would impact the
fair value. These are classified as level 3.

Derivative Instruments

* Derivative instruments mainly consist of derivative commodity instruments and
derivative financial instruments. 
* Exchange-traded derivative commodity instruments valued using quoted market
prices are classified as level 1. The valuation for certain derivative commodity
instruments is based upon adjusted quoted prices. These derivative commodity
instruments are classified as level 2 or level 3 depending on the level of
adjustment made. 
* Derivative financial instruments classified as level 2 are mainly valued by a
discounted cash flow analysis using foreign exchange and interest rates or
quoted prices currently available for similar types of agreements.

Nonfinancial Assets

* Long-lived assets include tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets
subject to amortization. 
* The assets are valued based on independent appraisals, prices for similar
assets or discounted future cash flows whichever management considers most
appropriate and categorized as level 3. 
* Goodwill classified as level 3 is mainly valued on the basis of the fair value
of the subsidiary, which is measured using discounted cash flows or third party
valuations.

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June 30,
2010 and March 31, 2010 are as follows:

                                                Millions of Yen                                                                                          
 June 30, 2010                                  Fair value measurements using                          Netting adjustments*      Total fair value    
                                                Level 1           Level 2             Level 3                                                    
 Assets:                                                                                                                                         
 Equity securities and debt securities:                                                                                                          
 Marketable equity securities　(Japan)           ¥349,926          -                   -                                                          
 Marketable equity securities　(Non-Japan)       58,228            -                   ¥9,286                                                     
 Preferred stock that must be redeemed          -                 67,449              -                                                          
 Government bonds                               -                 8,031               -                                                          
 Other securities                               -                 1,897               -                                                          
 Total equity securities and debt securities    ¥408,154          ¥77,377             ¥9,286       -                         ¥494,817            
                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                 
 Derivative assets                                                                                                                               
 Foreign exchange contracts                     -                 ¥63,122             -                                                          
 Interest rate contracts                        ¥2,860            47,376              -                                                          
 Commodity contracts                            26,201            1,237,807           ¥1,196                                                     
 Other contracts                                3                 -                   -                                                          
 Total derivative assets                        ¥29,064           ¥1,348,305          ¥1,196       ¥(1,178,201)              ¥200,364            
 (current and non-current)                                                                                                                       
 Total assets                                   ¥437,218          ¥1,425,682          ¥10,482      ¥(1,178,201)              ¥695,181            
 Liabilities:                                                                                                                                    
 Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                          
 Foreign exchange contracts                     -                 ¥54,849             -                                                          
 Interest rate contracts                        ¥2,189            15,225              -                                                          
 Commodity contracts                            33,065            1,244,627           4,464                                                      
 Total derivative liabilities                   ¥35,254           ¥1,314,701          ¥4,464       ¥(1,229,426)              ¥124,993            
 (current and non-current)                                                                                                                       
 Total liabilities                              ¥35,254           ¥1,314,701          ¥4,464       ¥(1,229,426)              ¥124,993            


                                                Millions of Yen                                                                                          
 March 31, 2010                                 Fair value measurements using                          Netting adjustments*      Total fair value    
                                                Level 1           Level 2             Level 3                                                    
 Assets:                                                                                                                                         
 Equity securities and debt securities:                                                                                                          
 Marketable equity securities　(Japan)           ¥416,844          -                   -                                                          
 Marketable equity securities　(Non-Japan)       59,335            -                   ¥8,663                                                     
 Preferred stock that must be redeemed          -                 ¥74,595             -                                                          
 Government bonds                               -                 8,036               -                                                          
 Other securities                               -                 1,891               -                                                          
 Total equity securities and debt securities    ¥476,179          ¥84,522             ¥8,663       -                         ¥569,364            
                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                 
 Derivative assets                                                                                                                               
 Foreign exchange contracts                     -                 ¥48,369             -                                                          
 Interest rate contracts                        ¥3,104            37,631              -                                                          
 Commodity contracts                            16,531            1,367,885           ¥1,001                                                     
 Total derivative assets                        ¥19,635           ¥1,453,885          ¥1,001       ¥(1,296,721)              ¥177,800            
 (current and non-current)                                                                                                                       
 Total assets                                   ¥495,814          ¥1,538,407          ¥9,664       ¥(1,296,721)              ¥747,164            
 Liabilities:                                                                                                                                    
 Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                          
 Foreign exchange contracts                     -                 ¥42,115             -                                                          
 Interest rate contracts                        ¥2,697            16,308              -                                                          
 Commodity contracts                            18,475            1,376,247           ¥7,552                                                     
 Other contracts                                32                -                   -                                                          
 Total derivative liabilities                   ¥21,204           ¥1,434,670          ¥7,552       ¥(1,348,707)              ¥114,719            
 (current and non-current)                                                                                                                       
 Total liabilities                              ¥21,204           ¥1,434,670          ¥7,552       ¥(1,348,707)              ¥114,719            


* Amounts of netting adjustments include the impact of legally enforceable
master netting agreements that allow the companies to settle positive and
negative positions and also cash collateral held or placed with the same
counterparties. 

Reconciliation for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2010 is as follows:

                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                              Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                              Beginning balance                        Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)                                               Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements         Transfers into and/or (out of) Level 3         Translation adjustments         Ending balance         The amount of total losses for the three-month period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at the reporting date    
                                                                 Included in earnings                   Included in other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                                              
 Derivative assets (liabilities) -net         ¥ (6,551)                                ¥(1,683)                                                        -                       ¥4,738                                               -                                              ¥228                            ¥(3,268)               ¥(801)                                                                                                                                                                                     
 Commodity contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Equity securities                            8,663                                    -                                                               -                       1,079                                                -                                              (456)                           9,286                  -                                                                                                                                                                                          
 
and debt securities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 
Marketable equity securities (Non-Japan)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           


                                                                                             Millions of Yen                                                     
                                                                                             Other sales        Cost of products sold        Total losses    
 Total losses included in earnings for the period                                            ¥(67)              ¥(1,616)                     ¥(1,683)        
 Change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at the reporting date    -                  (801)                        (801)           


Reconciliation for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2009 is as follows:

                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
                                              Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                              Beginning balance                        Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)                                               Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements         Transfers into and/or (out of) Level 3         Translation adjustments         Ending balance         The amount of total gains for the three-month period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at the reporting date    
                                                                 Included in earnings                   Included in other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                                              
 Derivative assets (liabilities) -net         ¥ (17,420)                               ¥8,622                                                          -                       ¥(5,986)                                             ¥14                                            ¥ 374                           ¥(14,396)              ¥2,636                                                                                                                                                                                    
 Equity securities                            -                                        -                                                               -                       -                                                    334                                            (8)                             326                    -                                                                                                                                                                                         
 
and debt securities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Marketable equity securities (Non-Japan)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          


                                                                                             Millions of Yen                                                    
                                                                                             Other sales        Cost of products sold        Total gains    
 Total gains or (losses) included in earnings for the period                                 ¥9,625             ¥(1,003)                     ¥8,622         
 Change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at the reporting date    4,484              (1,848)                      2,636          


Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis

Certain non-marketable equity securities and investments in associated companies
are written down to fair value if the fair value of these investments has
declined and such decline is judged to be other-than-temporary. Retained
investments in the former consolidated subsidiaries are remeasured at fair value
with gains and losses recognized in earnings when subsidiaries are
deconsolidated. The investments in listed associated companies are measured at
fair value using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets. Non-marketable equity securities and investments in unlisted associated
companies are primarily valued by unobservable inputs based on financial
information obtained from counterparties or third parties. 

Financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for the
three-month periods ended June 30, 2010 and June 30, 2009 are as follows:

                                              Millions of Yen                                                                                     
                                                              Fair value measurements using                                                   
                                              Fair value      Level 1           Level 2          Level 3      Three-month period ended    
                                                                                                              June 30, 2010               
                                                                                                              
Total gains or (losses)    
 Non-marketable equity securities                                                                                                         
 Japan                                        ¥4,983          -                 -                ¥4,983       ¥(382)                      
 Non-Japan                                    701             -                 -                701          (583)                       
 Total non-marketable equity securities       ¥5,684          -                 -                ¥5,684       ¥(965)                      
                                                                                                                                          
 Investments in associated companies                                                                                                      
 Japan                                        ¥ 14,526        ¥ 13,060          -                ¥1,466       ¥ (609)                     
 Non-Japan                                    20,364          -                 -                20,364       354                         
 Total investments in associated companies    ¥ 34,890        ¥13,060           -                ¥21,830      ¥ (255)                     


                                        Millions of Yen                                                                                    
                                                        Fair value measurements using                                                  
                                        Fair value      Level 1          Level 2          Level 3      Three-month period ended    
                                                                                                       June 30, 2009               
                                                                                                       
Total losses               
 Non-marketable equity securities       ¥ 7,834         -                -                ¥ 7,834      ¥ (2,684)                   
 Investments in associated companies    1,054           ¥ 1,054          -                -            (460)                       


Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment using undiscounted future cash
flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If the sum of the undiscounted
future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the assets are
determined to be impaired and written down to the amount of fair value.
Long-lived assets are primarily valued by unobservable inputs based on an
operating plan reflecting the most recent condition of the long-lived assets or
prices for similar assets. 

Nonfinancial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for the
three-month period ended June 30, 2010 are as follows:

                      Millions of Yen                                                                                    
                                      Fair value measurements using                                                  
                      Fair value      Level 1          Level 2          Level 3      Three-month period ended    
                                                                                     June 30, 2010               
                                                                                     
gains or losses            
 Long-lived assets    ¥ 41            -                -                ¥ 41         ¥ (2,090)                   


There are no material nonfinancial assets measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis for the three-month period ended June 30, 2009. 

15. THE OIL SPILL INCIDENT OF A DRILLING RIG IN THE GULF OF MEXICO 

On April 20, 2010, a third party semi-submersible drilling rig, known as the
Deepwater Horizon rig, which was conducting exploration work on the Mississippi
Canyon 252 block in the Gulf of Mexico, experienced an explosion, which sank the
rig and resulted in a spill of hydrocarbons from the well. Since the explosion,
there has been an on-going, large-scale well-control and clean-up effort. MOEX
Offshore 2007 LLC ("MOEX Offshore") holds a 10% minority non-operating interest
in the Mississippi Canyon 252 lease on which the Deepwater Horizon rig was
drilling. MOEX Offshore is a wholly owned subsidiary of MOEX USA Corporation
(MOEX USA), which in turn is wholly owned by Mitsui Oil Exploration Co., Ltd.
("MOECO"), in which Mitsui & Co., Ltd. ("Mitsui") holds a 69.91% equity
interest. 

MOEX Offshore has received, and expects to continue to receive, invoices from BP
Exploration and Production Inc. ("BP") seeking reimbursement of costs incurred
by BP related to BP`s response to the Deepwater Horizon incident. As of August
13, 2010, the aggregate amount of costs covered by these invoices is
approximately US$ 974 million. In light of the numerous ongoing investigations
that are currently taking place to determine the facts and circumstances
surrounding the incident, the numerous lawsuits that are pending and the others
that are expected to be commenced against MOEX Offshore and its affiliates and
the provisions of the operating agreement relating to the well that affect the
respective rights and responsibilities of the three holders of interests in the
lease for costs associated with the incident, MOEX Offshore is undertaking a
very careful and independent review of BP`s claims for reimbursement. For the
reasons expressed above, MOEX Offshore is withholding payment of the referenced
invoices, pending further discussions with BP and its affiliates and the
resolution of the outstanding issues referenced above. 

MOECO, MOEX USA, MOEX Offshore and Mitsui & Co. (U.S.A.), Inc. have been named
as defendants in various legal actions. 

Given our indirect equity interest in a non-operating interest holder of the
lease on which the Deepwater Horizon rig was drilling, and in light of the
outstanding issues referenced above, we are currently unable to estimate the
potential liability of MOEX Offshore or its affiliates, if any, for the costs
associated with the Deepwater Horizon incident in the Gulf of Mexico. 

Mitsui recognized the impairment losses for the amount to acquire the interest
of this lease that were booked as Property and Equipment (Mineral rights) in
Impairment loss of long-lived assets, and also recognized expenses relating to
the well in Other expense - net for the three-month period ended June 30, 2010.
Other than that, Mitsui is unable, at this time, to determine the impact, if
any, the damage of the incident will have on its future consolidated financial
position, consolidated operating results or consolidated cash flows. 

For diagrams omitted, please see our home page.
(http://www.mitsui.co.jp/en/ir/library/meeting/__icsFiles/afieldfile/2010/08/17/en_92shihanki_1q.pdf
)

Mitsui & Co Ltd 

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>