<doc>
<title>Murray, Frank & Sailer LLP Files Securities Class Action Lawsuit ...</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-05</date>
<snippet>... were materially false and misleading when made because they failed to disclose, among other things: (a) that there was no effective Oil Spill Response Plan for ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
NEW YORK--(Business Wire)--
Murray, Frank & Sailer LLP announces that it has filed a class action complaint
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Case
No. 10 Civ. 5894) on behalf of all individuals and institutions who purchased
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation ("Anadarko" or the "Company") publicly traded
securities during the period between June 12, 2009, and June 9, 2010 (the "Class
Period"). The complaint seeks damages for violations of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

The complaint names Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, and certain officers and
directors of the Company, as defendants. The complaint alleges that during the
Class Period, defendants issued materially false and misleading statements
regarding the Company`s results, risk profile, and potential liabilities.
Specifically, defendants claimed they had properly reserved for, and insured
against, foreseeable drilling related contingencies through the Class Period.
Defendants public statements were materially false and misleading when made
because they failed to disclose, among other things: (a) that there was no
effective Oil Spill Response Plan for the Macondo/Deepwater Horizon, in which
Anadarko is a 25% owner; (b) that BP plc, Anadarko`s partner in the
Macondo/Deepwater Horizon, was implementing drilling procedures that would cut
costs at the expense of safety, thereby increasing the economic risk of a
disaster; (c) that the Company lacked adequate systems of internal, operational
or financial controls to maintain adequate insurance reserves or to meet the
known or foreseeable risks associated with its deepwater drilling liabilities;
and (d) that defendants lacked any reasonable basis to claim that Anadarko was
operating according to plan, or that Anadarko could achieve guidance sponsored
and/or endorsed by defendants. As a result of defendants` false statements,
Anadarko`s securities traded at artificially inflated prices during the Class
Period. 

On April 20, 2010, the Macondo/Deepwater Horizon rig exploded, killing 11
platform workers and injuring 17 others. In spite of this disaster, defendants
continued to issue materially false and misleading statements claiming that the
Company would likely incur only approximately $177.5 million in liability for
its part in the Macondo/Deepwater Horizon venture. 

On June 1, 2010, the truth concerning Anadarko`s business and liabilities was
revealed as the public learned that the Macondo/Deepwater Horizon well could not
be capped and investors came to realize there was effectively no plan in place
to stop the spill. That day, shares of Anadarko fell more than $10.00 per share,
or approximately 20%, to close at $42.10 per share, on high trading volume.
Later, on June 9, 2010, investors learned of the material deficiencies in the
Macondo/Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill Response Plan as well as the Company`s
liability for over $1 billion in clean up costs. This information resulted in
another drop in value of Andarko`s stock of about 19%. 

If you are a member of the class described above, you may move the Court, not
later than August 23, 2010, to serve as Lead Plaintiff for the Class. A Lead
Plaintiff is a representative chosen by the Court who acts on behalf of other
class members in directing the litigation. You do not need to be a Lead
Plaintiff to be included in the class. If you purchased Anadarko securities and
wish to discuss this litigation, or have any questions concerning this Notice or
your rights or interests with respect to these matters, please contact Gregory
Frank at (800) 497-8076, (212) 682-1818, or via email at
newcase@murrayfrank.com.

Murray, Frank & Sailer LLP
Gregory Frank
212-682-1818
800-497-8076
newcase@murrayfrank.com
www.murrayfrank.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>