<doc>
<title>TETRA Technologies, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2010 Results</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-05</date>
<snippet>... a continued improvement in market conditions for our domestic onshore businesses, while also feeling the negative impact of the Macondo oil spill and related ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100805005452/en

THE WOODLANDS, Texas--(Business Wire)--
TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TETRA or the Company) (NYSE:TTI) today announced
second quarter 2010 results of $0.18 per share, compared to $0.12 per share
reported in the second quarter of 2009. Second quarter 2010 results include a
non-cash charge of $8.9 million of pretax income, or approximately $0.08 per
share after tax, related to the impairment of certain of Maritech`s oil and gas
properties compared to similar charges of $0.03 per share in the second quarter
of 2009. All financial data in the text portion of this release are reported in
U.S. dollars, and all per share amounts are fully diluted and before
discontinued operations. 

Consolidated revenues for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 were $241.6 million
versus $217.9 million in the second quarter of 2009. Total gross profit was
$47.8 million in the second quarter of 2010 versus $40.4 million in the second
quarter of 2009. Income before discontinued operations was $13.6 million in the
second quarter of 2010 versus $9.2 million in the comparable period of 2009. Net
income was $13.6 million in 2010`s second quarter versus $9.2 million in 2009`s
second quarter. 

Consolidated results per share from continuing operations for the second quarter
of 2010 were earnings of $0.18 with 76.9 million weighted average diluted common
shares outstanding versus $0.12 with 75.4 million weighted average diluted
common shares outstanding in the second quarter of 2009. As of June 30, 2010,
long-term debt was $304.2 million and cash was $89.6 million, resulting in net
debt of $214.6 million and continuing the favorable debt-reduction trend that
began in the second quarter of 2009 (net debt is a non-GAAP financial measure
that is reconciled to the nearest GAAP financial measure in a table following
the text portion of this release). 

Divisional pretax earnings (loss) from continuing operations in the second
quarter of 2010 versus the second quarter of 2009 were, Fluids Division: $10.2
million in 2Q 2010 and $1.2 million in 2Q 2009; Offshore Services: $14.3 million
in 2Q 2010 and $23.0 million in 2Q 2009; Maritech: $1.0 million in 2Q 2010 and
$(11.4) million in 2Q 2009; Production Testing: $3.3 million in 2Q 2010 and $7.4
million in 2Q 2009; and, Compressco: $4.7 million in 2Q 2010 and $5.9 million in
2Q 2009. 

Financial data aggregating the first six months of 2010, and financial data
relating to net income and discontinued operations are available in the
accompanying financial table in this press release. 

Stuart M. Brightman, President and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "In the
second quarter of 2010, most of our businesses performed consistent with the
trends that we identified earlier in the year. Specifically, during the second
quarter we benefited from a continued improvement in market conditions for our
domestic onshore businesses, while also feeling the negative impact of the
Macondo oil spill and related regulatory actions on the Gulf of Mexico market.
In addition, although many of our international markets continued to grow, our
operations in Mexico were affected by reduced activity levels in certain regions
of the country. 

"During this year`s second quarter, our Fluids Division benefited both from an
existing backlog of projects in the Gulf of Mexico that carried forward from the
first quarter and from continued improvement in our onshore businesses. The
seasonal increase in activity in our European calcium chloride business was also
a positive contributor to second quarter results. As with the first quarter of
2010, the combined impact of start-up costs at our El Dorado, Arkansas calcium
chloride plant coupled with production at that plant at less than full operating
rates had a negative effect on Fluids Division earnings. We believe that ongoing
work to fully commission the facility is proceeding in-line with our
expectations and, as we have previously discussed, we expect the El Dorado
facility to contribute positively in the second half of 2010. As we move into
the third quarter, we are seeing a significant reduction in activity in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico completion fluids market directly related to the
Macondo oil spill and related regulatory actions, and the resulting uncertainty
as to the E&P industry`s near-term ability to continue to operate in the
deepwater Gulf of Mexico. 

"As we had anticipated, our Offshore Services segment reported improved second
quarter results compared to the first quarter of this year. Although utilization
of our key heavy-lift and diving assets was high, it was not as close to full
utilization as we had expected. Delays in permitting associated with plug and
abandonment activities in the Gulf of Mexico caused by the drilling moratorium
impacted the utilization of these key assets and services, as well as affecting
the competitive environment. We believe that these trends will continue into the
third quarter, which we expect to be seasonally strong, but with a somewhat less
than normal level of predictability. 

"Maritech reported second quarter pretax profits of $1.0 million. These results
include a non-cash impairment charge of $8.9 million of pretax income due
primarily to both the decreased fair value of probable and possible reserves for
certain of Maritech`s oil and gas properties and lower than expected results
from development efforts on one property. Production during the second quarter
averaged 43.1 MMcfe/day versus 42.5 MMcfe/day in the first quarter of 2010.
Second quarter production fell short of our expectations due to continuing
delays caused by third party pipeline problems. We expect this situation to
improve during the second half of the year. 

"Also during the second quarter, Maritech continued to focus on risk mitigation
activities that include the plugging of wells and abandonment of platforms and
pipelines. These activities will continue during the third quarter, and we are
confident that we will achieve our 2010 goal of performing approximately $70
million of plugging, abandonment and decommissioning work on Maritech properties
by year-end. 

"In the Production Testing segment, our domestic business reported another
sequential increase in activity for the second quarter of 2010. As with the
prior quarter, this improvement in domestic activity originated in both shale
plays and conventional basins. Our testing business continues to grow in the
Eastern Hemisphere, but we have seen a decline in activity and associated
profitability in Mexico due to the operational challenges created by customer
budgetary issues and security disruptions in certain regions of the country. We
expect to confront these challenges through the balance of the year. 

"Compressco`s second quarter results reflected a continuing increase in
activity, driven primarily by a strengthening domestic market. However, as with
our Production Testing segment, Compressco has been negatively impacted by the
reduction in activity in Mexico. In spite of this issue, we continue to view
international markets as growth opportunities for Compressco. 

"In conclusion, our second quarter performance reflected a continued improvement
in our domestic onshore markets, and the impact of an uncertain Gulf of Mexico
market for our Fluids Division and our Offshore Services segment. We expect this
uncertainty to impact the second half of 2010, but longer-term, we expect demand
for both segments to revert back to levels we had anticipated at the beginning
of the year. We are encouraged by progress made toward fully commissioning our
calcium chloride plant in El Dorado, Arkansas, and we expect to see the benefit
of this in the second half of the year. Finally, we continue to focus on our
balance sheet and are pleased with the progress we have made in improving our
debt position," concluded Mr. Brightman. 

TETRA is a geographically diversified oil and gas services company focused on
completion fluids and other products, production testing, wellhead compression,
and selected offshore services including well plugging and abandonment,
decommissioning, and diving, with a concentrated domestic exploration and
production business. 

This press release includes certain statements that are deemed to be
forward-looking statements. Generally, the use of words such as "may," "will,"
"expect," "intend," "estimate," "projects," "anticipate," "believe," "assume,"
"could," "should," "plans," "targets" or similar expressions that convey the
uncertainty of future events, activities, expectations or outcomes identify
forward-looking statements that we intend to be included within the safe harbor
protections provided by the federal securities laws. These forward-looking
statements include statements concerning the potential impact of the Macondo oil
spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the related regulatory actions, the potential
impact on our operations of security disruptions in Mexico, projections
concerning the Company`s business activities in the Gulf of Mexico, financial
guidance, estimated earnings, earnings per share, expected benefits from our
agreements and long-term investments, expected results of operational business
segments for 2010, the expected impact of current economic and capital market
conditions on the oil and gas industry and our operations, statements regarding
our beliefs, expectations, plans, goals, future events and performance, and
other statements that are not purely historical. These forward-looking
statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in
light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current
conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are
appropriate in the circumstances. Such statements are subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Investors are
cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future performances or
results and that actual results or developments may differ materially from those
projected in the forward-looking statements. In addition to the potential impact
of the Macondo oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and related regulatory actions
and the potential impact of security disruptions in Mexico, some of the factors
that could affect actual results are described in the section titled "Certain
Business Risks" contained in the Company`s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2009, as well as other risks identified from time to
time in its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

                                                         Three Months Ended                                    Six Months Ended                                 
                                                         June 30,                                              June 30,                                         
                                                         2010                      2009                      2010                      2009                 
                                                         (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)                                                                 
 Revenues                                                                                                                                                   
 Fluids Division                                         $    79,329             $    62,211             $    145,590            $    125,900       
 Offshore Division                                                                                                                                          
 Offshore Services                                            85,401                  92,257                  136,799                 140,301       
 Maritech                                                     50,335                  45,408                  96,969                  86,620        
 Intersegment eliminations                                    (18,156  )              (21,383  )              (23,296  )              (29,026  )    
 Offshore Division total                                      117,580                 116,282                 210,472                 197,895       
 Production Enhancement Division                                                                                                                            
 Production Testing                                           24,826                  18,287                  51,411                  42,906        
 Compressco                                                   19,966                  21,181                  40,313                  46,568        
 Production Enhancement Division total                        44,792                  39,468                  91,724                  89,474        
 Eliminations and other                                       (83      )              (17      )              (275     )              (74      )    
 Total revenues                                               241,618                 217,944                 447,511                 413,195       
                                                                                                                                                            
 Gross profit                                                                                                                                               
 Fluids Division                                              15,369                  13,182                  26,340                  30,203        
 Offshore Division                                                                                                                                          
 Offshore Services                                            18,334                  26,673                  20,242                  29,574        
 Maritech                                                     2,332                   (10,501  )              10,797                  (2,849   )    
 Intersegment eliminations                                    80                      (263     )              572                     (574     )    
 Offshore Division total                                      20,746                  15,909                  31,611                  26,151        
 Production Enhancement Division                                                                                                                            
 Production Testing                                           4,874                   3,456                   11,330                  11,143        
 Compressco                                                   7,580                   8,591                   15,154                  17,712        
 Production Enhancement Division total                        12,454                  12,047                  26,484                  28,855        
 Eliminations and other                                       (737     )              (749     )              (1,509   )              (1,450   )    
 Total gross profit                                           47,832                  40,389                  82,926                  83,759        
                                                                                                                                                            
 General and administrative expense                           24,955                  22,454                  47,732                  47,023        
 Operating income                                             22,877                  17,935                  35,194                  36,736        
 Interest expense, net                                        4,238                   3,411                   8,266                   6,588         
 Other expense (income)                                       (1,899   )              885                     (2,082   )              (1,626   )    
 *Income before taxes and discontinued operations (A)         20,538                  13,639                  29,010                  31,774        
 Provision for income taxes                                   6,903                   4,429                   9,919                   11,194        
 Income before discontinued operations                        13,635                  9,210                   19,091                  20,580        
 Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes (A)          (75      )              (35      )              (104     )              (243     )    
 Net income                                              $    13,560             $    9,175              $    18,987             $    20,337        
                                                                                                                                                            
 *Income before taxes and discontinued operations                                                                                                           
 Fluids Division                                              10,191                  1,216                   16,377                  13,369        
 Offshore Division                                                                                                                                          
 Offshore Services                                            14,269                  23,024                  11,828                  22,380        
 Maritech                                                     1,044                   (11,431  )              9,687                   (2,245   )    
 Intersegment eliminations                                    81                      (187     )              572                     (498     )    
 Offshore Division total                                      15,394                  11,406                  22,087                  19,637        
 Production Enhancement Division                                                                                                                            
 Production Testing                                           3,322                   7,382                   7,518                   13,081        
 Compressco                                                   4,735                   5,904                   9,630                   12,573        
 Production Enhancement Division total                        8,057                   13,286                  17,148                  25,654        
 Corporate overhead (includes interest)                       (13,104  )              (12,269  )              (26,602  )              (26,886  )    
 Total                                                        20,538                  13,639                  29,010                  31,774        
                                                                                                                                                            


                                                 Three Months Ended                                  Six Months Ended                               
                                                 June 30,                                            June 30,                                       
                                                 2010                     2009                     2010                     2009                
                                                 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)                                                             
 Basic per share information:                                                                                                                   
 Income before discontinued operations           $    0.18              $    0.12              $    0.25              $    0.27         
 Loss from discontinued operations                    (0.00   )              (0.00   )              (0.00   )              (0.00   )    
 Net income                                      $    0.18              $    0.12              $    0.25              $    0.27         
 Weighted average shares outstanding                  75,491                 74,980                 75,434                 74,952       
                                                                                                                                                
 Diluted per share information:                                                                                                                 
 Income before discontinued operations           $    0.18              $    0.12              $    0.25              $    0.27         
 Loss from discontinued operations                    (0.00   )              (0.00   )              (0.00   )              (0.00   )    
 Net income                                      $    0.18              $    0.12              $    0.25              $    0.27         
 Weighted average shares outstanding                  76,857                 75,401                 76,819                 75,200       
                                                                                                                                                
 Depreciation, depletion and amortization (B)    $    45,635            $    40,618            $    82,469            $    76,877       


(A) Information presented for each period reflects TETRA`s process services and
Venezuelan fluids and production testing operations as discontinued operations. 

(B) DD&A information for 2010 and 2009 includes asset impairments and oil and
gas dry hole costs under successful efforts accounting.

 Balance Sheet                   June 30, 2010             December 31, 2009      
                                 (In Thousands)                                     
 Cash                            $        89,578          $          33,660     
 Accounts receivable, net                 169,883                    181,038    
 Inventories                              107,792                    122,274    
 Other current assets                     64,246                     53,846     
 PP&E, net                                763,298                    816,374    
 Other assets                             142,225                    140,407    
 Total assets                    $        1,337,022       $          1,347,599  
                                                                                  
 Current liabilities             $        227,818         $          242,475    
 Long-term debt                           304,217                    310,132    
 Other long-term liabilities              211,547                    218,498    
 Equity                                   593,440                    576,494    
 Total liabilities and equity    $        1,337,022       $          1,347,599  
                                                                                


Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure

Net debt is defined as long-term debt minus cash. Management views net debt, a
non-GAAP financial measure, as a measure of TETRA's ability to reduce debt, add
to cash balances, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and fund investing and
financing activities. This reconciliation is not a substitute for financial
information prepared in accordance with GAAP, and should be considered within
the context of our complete financial results for the period which will be
available on our website upon filing with the SEC. A reconciliation of long-term
debt to net debt as of June 30, 2010 and December 31, 2009 is shown below:

                   June 30, 2010                 December 31, 2009          
                   (In Thousands)                                             
                                                                            
 Long-term debt    $      304,217              $       310,132          
 Cash                     (89,578  )                   (33,660  )       
 Net debt          $      214,639              $       276,472          


TETRA Technologies, Inc., The Woodlands, Texas
Stuart M. Brightman, 281-367-1983
Fax: 281-364-4346
www.tetratec.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>