<doc>
<title>Abanaki Publishes Expanded Oil Skimming Solutions Sourcebook</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-05</date>
<snippet>... applications featured in this sourcebook address coolant maintenance, emergency spill containment, groundwater remediation, DNAPL removal, oil and fuel recovery ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
Second Edition Covers 40 Real-World Oil Skimming Applications
CLEVELAND--(Business Wire)--
Abanaki Corporation, the world leader in oil skimming and coolant maintenance
products, announced the second-edition of its Solutions Sourcebook for oil
skimming applications. The newly expanded 43-page handbook offers application
notes and photos of 40 real-world implementations of oil skimming. 

Abanaki`s Solutions Sourcebook is indexed by type of industry, application, and
skimmer model, making it easy to find case studies most relevant to a specific
situation. Every article explains the application`s problem, solution and
benefits such as cost savings. Articles include oil skimming applications from
many industries, such as environmental/recycling, food processing, laundry,
chemical, machining, paper mills, power, refineries, steel mills, technology,
transportation, tube manufacturers and electric power utilities. 

Oil skimming is the lowest cost, lowest maintenance way to remove oil from
water. Oil skimming uses the differences in specific gravity and surface tension
between oil and water to pick up oil, grease and other hydrocarbon liquids. As
the oil skimmer`s belt or tube passes through water, the contaminants are
attracted to the media and carried to wiper blades that remove the oil.
Companies use Abanaki oil skimmers to meet EPA and municipal pollution
regulations and to improve coolant quality in cutting tool operations. The oil
skimming applications featured in this sourcebook address coolant maintenance,
emergency spill containment, groundwater remediation, DNAPL removal, oil and
fuel recovery, indoor and outdoor washwater treatment, wastewater treatment,
process tank cleaning, and wood treatment. 

The Oil Skimming Solutions Sourcebook may be downloaded from Abanaki`s website
at www.abanaki.com/125. 

About Abanaki Corporation: Abanaki, the world leader in oil skimmer
products,manufactures a wide range of products to remove oils, greases,
solvents, and related hydrocarbons from water. Belt and Tube skimmer models are
available with removal rates ranging from 1 to 200 gallons per hour in both
stationary and portable systems. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, Abanaki has
served a global customer base in industries as diverse as iron and steel,
wastewater, paper, food processing, automotive, environmental remediation and
recycling for more than 40 years. Today, under the corporate motto "Clean Our
World TM," Abanaki continues to address pollution in industry through
innovation, customer commitment, and environmental stewardship within its own
operations. 

For more information about Abanaki products, call your sales representative at
(440) 543-7400 or (800) 358-SKIM (7546), or e-mail: info@abanaki.com. See the
full-line of Abanaki products and services online and watch the new product
videos at www.abanaki.com. 

For high resolution image:
http://www.ggcomm.com/Abanaki/SolutionsSourcebook.JPG

Abanaki Corporation
Karen Smidansky, 800-358-SKIM (7546)
info@abanaki.com
or
Goldstein Group Communications
Mark Johnson, 440-914-4700
mjohnson@ggcomm.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>