<doc>
<title>EPL Announces Second Quarter and First Half 2010 Results</title>
<source>Reuters</source>
<date>2010-08-05</date>
<snippet>... to limit the near-term impact on our Company of permitting delays being experienced in the Gulf of Mexico (GOM) following the BP oil spill." Production and ...</snippet>
<content>
        
    
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20100805005322/en

NEW ORLEANS--(Business Wire)--
Energy Partners, Ltd. (NYSE:EPL) (EPL or the Company) today reported financial
and operational results for the second quarter and first half of 2010. 

Highlights

* Second quarter 2010 production averaged 13,669 barrels of oil equivalent (Boe)
per day with oil production making up 47% of the total production 
* Completion of the refinancing of its debt in the second quarter 2010 resulted
in reduced cost of capital, zero long term debt, cash on hand in excess of $28
million, and liquidity (cash on hand plus undrawn availability on our revolver)
of $73 million as of June 30, 2010 
* First half of 2010 EBITDAX and net income reached $80.4 million and $0.5
million ($0.01/share), respectively (see reconciliation of EBITDAX in the
tables) 
* Ongoing cost reduction efforts resulted in first half of 2010 lease operating
expenses of $10.58 per Boe and general and administrative expenses (excluding
non-cash compensation) of $3.13 per Boe 
* First half of 2010 operational results include 18 successful exploration and
development projects for an 83% success rate year to date, as well as the
plugging and abandonment of 65 wells in the Company`s ongoing program at its
East Bay field 
* EPL regained Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (formerly the MMS) supplemental
waiver status, and $8.9 million of cash previously collateralizing surety bond
obligations was returned to EPL during the second quarter

Financial Results

Revenue for the second quarter and first half of 2010 was $58.2 million and
$128.9 million, respectively. Revenue for the second quarter and first half of
2010 increased 26% and 45% respectively compared to the same periods a year ago,
resulting from significantly higher realized prices and higher oil production
averages. 

For the second quarter of 2010, EPL reported a net loss to common stockholders
of $4.6 million, or $0.12 per diluted share. The net loss for the second quarter
of 2010 included $10.9 million of non-cash costs, primarily property
impairments, and $5.6 million of non-recurring costs from the extinguishment of
debt as a result of the completion of its refinancing within the quarter. These
items were offset by $9.6 million of non-cash unrealized gains on derivative
instruments. Excluding the impact of these items, EPL`s adjusted second quarter
net income, a non-GAAP measure, would have been a net loss of $0.2 million, or
$0.00 per diluted share. The positive impact on interest expense from the
redemption of the PIK Notes will begin to be realized in the second half of
2010. The Company reported that the $10.9 million of non-cash impairments
primarily resulted from the earlier than anticipated depletion of a gas
reservoir in the Company`s South Timbalier 46 field. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2010, net income was $0.5 million, or $0.01
per diluted share. The net income for the first half of 2010 included non-cash
and non-recurring items mainly incurred within the second quarter as mentioned
earlier. These items for the first half of 2010 included $11.7 million of
non-cash impairments, $5.6 million of non-recurring costs from the
extinguishment of debt, offset by $11.3 million of non-cash unrealized gains on
derivative instruments. Excluding the impact of these items, EPL`s adjusted net
income for the first half of 2010, a non-GAAP measure, would have been net
income of $4.3 million, or $0.11 per diluted share. 

For the second quarter of 2010, EBITDAX was $34.5 million and discretionary cash
flow was $18.9 million (see reconciliation of EBITDAX and discretionary cash
flow in the tables). Cash flow from operating activities in the second quarter
of 2010 was $28.0 million, compared with cash flow from operating activities of
$6.9 million in the same quarter a year ago. 

For the first half of 2010, EBITDAX and discretionary cash flow totaled $80.4
million and $64.5 million, respectively (see reconciliation of EBITDAX and
discretionary cash flow in the tables). Cash flow from operating activities in
the first half of 2010 increased to $67.5 million from $9.2 million in 2009,
primarily from significantly increased revenues compared to first half 2009 and
lower lease operating and general and administrative expenses resulting from
ongoing expense reduction efforts and non-recurring costs associated with the
Company`s Chapter 11 reorganization in 2009. 

Gary C. Hanna, the Company`s CEO, stated, "Our results for the first half of
this year have been accomplished by our focus on realigning our cost structure
and generating greater cash flow by stepping up our development and lower risk
exploration activities. We were also able to complete the refinancing of our
debt on schedule in the second quarter and substantially lower our cost of
capital, despite the challenging capital market. We believe that our efforts
since our reorganization in late 2009 position us favorably relative to our
peers. We were able to continue our development-driven oil-focused capital
program that is concentrated in the state waters off the coast of Louisiana,
which has thus far acted to limit the near-term impact on our Company of
permitting delays being experienced in the Gulf of Mexico (GOM) following the BP
oil spill." 

Production and Price Realizations

Production for the second quarter of 2010 averaged 13,669 Boe per day. Oil
production averaged 6,411 barrels of oil per day, and natural gas production
averaged 43.5 million cubic feet (Mmcf) per day. Second quarter 2010 production
volumes were 14% lower, on a barrel equivalent basis, than second quarter 2009
production volumes of 15,947 Boe per day, primarily as a result of a 33%
decrease in gas production offset by a 24% increase in oil production due to the
Company`s focus on the higher revenue potential from activities targeting oil.
Price realizations, all of which are stated before the impact of derivative
instruments, averaged $70.54 per barrel of oil and $4.29 per thousand cubic feet
(Mcf) of natural gas in the second quarter of 2010, compared to $51.31 per
barrel of oil and $3.69 per Mcf of natural gas in the second quarter of 2009. 

First half 2010 production decreased 5% to 14,687 Boe per day from the first
half 2009 production average of 15,536 Boe per day as a result of a 24% decrease
in gas production offset by a 31% increase in oil production. Price
realizations, all of which are stated before the impact of derivative
instruments, averaged $71.01 per barrel of oil and $4.82 per Mcf of natural gas
in the first half of 2010, compared to $44.07 per barrel of oil and $4.19 per
Mcf of natural gas in the same period of 2009. 

Operating Expenses

Lease operating expenses for the second quarter of 2010 totaled $13.7 million,
or $10.99 per Boe, while general and administrative expenses were $4.9 million,
or $3.92 per Boe. Reported general and administrative expenses include non-cash
stock based compensation recorded in the second quarter of 2010 of $0.6 million,
or $0.46 per Boe. Lower lease operating expenses and general and administrative
expenses were realized in the second quarter of 2010 compared to the prior
period as a direct result of material cost reductions associated with the
Company`s 2009 reorganization, as well as lower service industry costs. The cost
reductions versus the prior year include significant reductions in the Company`s
workforce, board of director related expenses, office space, use of third party
contractors and consultants. 

Lease operating expenses for the first half of 2010 totaled $28.1 million, or
$10.58 per Boe, while general and administrative expenses were $9.1 million, or
$3.41 per Boe, for the same period. Reported general and administrative expenses
for first half of 2010 include non-cash stock based compensation of $0.7 million
or $0.28 per Boe. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As a result of the Company`s refinancing of its previously outstanding debt,
total debt as of June 30, 2010, all of which was short term, equaled $25.0
million at quarter end, and cash was in excess of debt. The Company had
unrestricted cash on hand of $28.2 million and $11.1 million of restricted cash.
The Company`s $45 million revolver is undrawn and available. 

Capital Expendituresand Operations Update

During the second quarter of 2010 and the first half of 2010, capital
expenditures on exploration and development activities totaled approximately
$17.2 million and $26.9 million, respectively. In addition, the Company spent
approximately $3.4 million in the second quarter and $5.2 million in the first
half of 2010 on plugging and abandonment and other decommissioning activities. 

Year to date 2010 operations included 18 development and exploration projects,
of which 15 were successful for an 83% success rate to date. Year to date 2010
operations included two wells in Bay Marchand and two wells in East Bay, as well
as eleven successful workover operations in key areas throughout the Company's
GOM asset base. So far, the Company has achieved a 100% success rate to date
with its activities in East Bay, including five workovers, one sidetrack and one
drillwell. The Company expects to complete five more state water projects in its
East Bay field later this year, as well as various workovers throughout the
Company's GOM asset base. 

EPL also announced an increase to its initial $45 million 2010 exploration and
development budget to a spending level of approximately $60 million. The
increase will primarily fund increased workover and drilling activities later
this year in the Company`s East Bay field, which are mainly within the shallow
state waters of the GOM shelf. The expanded budget emphasizes oil projects with
lower risk profiles, many of which have the potential for adding reserves in the
East Bay field. The budget also expands capital spending for ongoing facility
upgrades in the East Bay field. The Company`s P&A and decommissioning budget is
unchanged from $12 million. EPL said it expects to fully fund its capital budget
from internally generated cash flow. 

Hanna continued, "Our 2010 capital budget, which has been focused on high
quality development projects concentrated in our oil-rich East Bay field, is
well underway. Our ability to pursue oil drilling and workover opportunities in
our East Bay field located mainly in state waters off the coast of Louisiana has
allowed us to continue our program. However, the Macondo incident has affected
our ability to secure equipment necessary to conduct simultaneous drilling
operations in our East Bay field and therefore we are only running one rig line
in the field. East Bay has become an increasingly important asset to have within
our portfolio following the deepwater GOM Macondo incident, and we are investing
in facility upgrades to ensure improved runtime for this critical field.
Additionally, our ongoing P&A program at East Bay continues to be on budget." 

Third Quarter and Full Year 2010 Guidance

Hanna concluded, "With commodity prices clearly slanted towards oil production
having the highest revenue potential on an equivalent basis, we continue to be
focused on the oil-weighted projects within our asset base, particularly in our
East Bay field. However, our production levels have been impacted by our
existing gas production declining to the lower end of our predicted levels
starting in the second quarter of this year. Therefore, we expect to be within
the lower end of our full year 2010 guidance range of 13,000 to 15,000 Boe per
day. However, using 13,000 Boe per day, current commodity prices and the
midpoint of our expense guidance, we are still projecting significant EBITDAX
for the full year 2010 in the range of $165 million, which is still well in
excess of our projected capital spending this year."

                                                                                                                                      
 ESTIMATED PRODUCTION & SWAP HEDGE VOLUMES                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                  
 Net Production (per day):                                                                  3Q 2010                 Full year 2010  
               Oil, including NGLs (Bbls)                                                   6,000-7,000             6,500-7,500     
               Natural gas (Mcf)                                                           30,000-36,000           39,000-45,000   
                                Total (Boe)                                               11,000-13,000           13,000-15,000   
               Percent Oil, including NGLs (using midpoint of guidance)                      54%                     50%             
                                                                                                                                  
 Swap Contracted Volume                                                                                                             
               Oil (barrels)                                                               1,340                   2,084           
               % of Oil swap contracted                                                     19-22%                  28-32%          
               % of Boe swap contracted                                                     10-12%                  14-16%          
               Average Swap Price Level                                                $    68.99              $    68.42           
                                                                                                                                  
 ESTIMATED EXPENSES (in Millions, unless otherwise noted)                                                                             
                                                                                                                                  
               Lease Operating (including energy insurance)                             $    13.0-14.0          $    52.0-56.0       
               General & Administrative (cash and non-cash)                             $    3.3-4.5            $    16-17           
               Taxes, other than on earnings (% of revenue)                                  2%-4%                   2%-4%           
               Exploration Expense                                                    $    0.3-1.0            $    2.9-3.6         
               DD&A ($/Boe)                                                           $    21.00-25.00        $    21.00-25.00     
               Interest Expense                                                       $    0.6-0.9            $    9.1-9.6         
                                                                                                                                   


Conference Call Information

EPL has scheduled a conference call for today, August 5, 2010 at 10:00 A.M.
Central Time/11:00 A.M. Eastern Time to review results for the second quarter
and first half 2010. To participate in the EPL conference call, callers in the
United States and Canada can dial (866) 845-8624 and international callers can
dial (706) 634-0487. The Conference I.D. for callers is 90976802. 

The call will be available for replay beginning two hours after the call is
completed through midnight of August 19, 2010. For callers in the United States
and Canada, the toll-free number for the replay is (800) 642-1687. For
international callers the number is (706) 645-9291. The Conference I.D. for all
callers to access the replay is 90976802. 

The conference call will be webcast live as well as for on-demand listening at
the Company's web site, www.eplweb.com. Listeners may access the call through
the "Conference Calls" link in the Investor Relations section of the site. The
call will also be available through the CCBN Investor Network. 

Description: Founded in 1998, EPL is an independent oil and natural gas
exploration and production company based in New Orleans, LA and Houston, TX. The
Company`s operations are concentrated in the shallow to moderate depth waters in
the Gulf of Mexico focusing on the state and federal waters offshore Louisiana.
For more information, please visit www.eplweb.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain forward-looking information and statements
regarding EPL. Any statements included in this press release that address
activities, events or developments that EPL expects, believes, plans, projects,
estimates or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking
statements. We believe these judgments are reasonable, but actual results may
differ materially due to a variety of important factors. Among other items, such
factors might include: changes in general economic conditions; uncertainties in
reserve and production estimates; unanticipated recovery or production problems;
hurricane and other weather-related interference with business operations; the
effects of delays in completion of, or shut-ins of, gas gathering systems,
pipelines and processing facilities; oil and natural gas prices and competition;
the impact of derivative positions; production expenses and expense estimates;
cash flow and cash flow estimates; future financial performance; planned and
unplanned capital expenditures; volatility in the financial and credit markets
or in oil and natural gas prices; and other matters that are discussed in EPL's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (http://www.sec.gov/).

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 ENERGY PARTNERS, LTD.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 (In thousands)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Successor                                                                                                                                                                                                            Predecessor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Successor                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Predecessor                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Company                                                                                                                                                                                                              Company                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Company                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Company                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Three Months Ended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Six Months Ended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   June 30,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 June 30,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2010                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2009                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2010                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2009                                                                                                                             
 Revenues:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
            Oil and natural gas                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $                                                              58,163                                                                                                                                                                                       $                      45,861                                                                                                                                                                                          $                                                               128,846                                                                                                                                                                                         $                                                               88,511                                                                                                                          
            Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   34                                                                                                                                                                                                                  215                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             70                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              265                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  58,197                                                                                                                                                                                                              46,076                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          128,916                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         88,776                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Costs and expenses:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
            Lease operating                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            13,675                                                                                                                                                                                                              15,044                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          28,117                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          31,021                                                                                                                          
            Transportation expense                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     312                                                                                                                                                                                                                 293                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             802                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             429                                                                                                                             
            Exploration expenditures and dry hole costs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                783                                                                                                                                                                                                                 746                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2,637                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,318                                                                                                                           
            Impairments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                10,885                                                                                                                                                                                                              1,467                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           11,654                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          6,580                                                                                                                           
            Depreciation, depletion and amortization                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   26,106                                                                                                                                                                                                              34,054                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          55,961                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          66,194                                                                                                                          
            Accretion of liability for asset retirement obligations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    3,222                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,843                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           6,444                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           3,677                                                                                                                           
            General and administrative                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 4,875                                                                                                                                                                                                               7,584                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           9,063                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           16,873                                                                                                                          
            Taxes, other than on earnings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2,276                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,376                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           4,313                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2,775                                                                                                                           
            Loss on abandonment activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             774                                                                                                                                                                                                                 118                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             577                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             574                                                                                                                             
            Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (34                                                            )                                                                                                                                                    100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (86                                                             )                                                                                                                                                                                               (12                                                             )                                                               
            Total costs and expenses                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   62,874                                                                                                                                                                                                              62,625                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          119,482                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         129,429                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Business interruption recovery                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,185                                                                                                                           
 Income (loss) from operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (4,677                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    (16,549                                                         )                                                                                                                                                                                               9,434                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (39,468                                                         )                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Other income (expense):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
            Interest income                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            88                                                                                                                                                                                                                  9                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               97                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              47                                                                                                                              
            Interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (3,945                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    (4,524                                                          )                                                                                                                                                                                               (8,147                                                          )                                                                                                                                                                                               (16,237                                                         )                                                               
            Gain (loss) on derivative instruments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      6,957                                                                                                                                                                                                               (923                                                            )                                                                                                                                                                                               5,033                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2,728                                                                                                                           
            Loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (5,627                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (5,627                                                          )                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (2,527                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    (5,438                                                          )                                                                                                                                                                                               (8,644                                                          )                                                                                                                                                                                               (13,462                                                         )                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Income (loss) before reorganization items and income taxes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (7,204                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    (21,987                                                         )                                                                                                                                                                                               790                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (52,930                                                         )                                                               
            Reorganization items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       -                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (11,674                                                         )                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (12,602                                                         )                                                               
 Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (7,204                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    (33,661                                                         )                                                                                                                                                                                               790                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (65,532                                                         )                                                               
            Income taxes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2,594                                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (284                                                            )                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Net income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $                                                              (4,610                                                         )                                                                                                                             $                      (33,661                                                         )                                                                                                                               $                                                               506                                                                                                                                                                                             $                                                               (65,532                                                         )                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Net income (loss), as reported                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $                                                              (4,610                                                         )                                                                                                                             $                      (33,661                                                         )                                                                                                                               $                                                               506                                                                                                                                                                                             $                                                               (65,532                                                         )                                                               
            Add back:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                        Unrealized (gain) loss due to the change in fair market value of derivative contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (9,580                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (11,316                                                         )                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                               
                        Impairments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   10,885                                                                                                                                                                                                              1,467                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           11,654                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          6,580                                                                                                                           
                        Loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                5,627                                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               5,627                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                               
                        Deduct:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                        Income tax adjustment for above items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (2,496                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (2,147                                                          )                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Adjusted Non-GAAP net income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $                                                              (174                                                           )                                                                                                                             $                      (32,194                                                         )                                                                                                                               $                                                               4,324                                                                                                                                                                                           $                                                               (58,952                                                         )                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 EBITDAX Reconciliation:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 Net income (loss), as reported                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $                                                              (4,610                                                         )                                                                                                                             $                      (33,661                                                         )                                                                                                                               $                                                               506                                                                                                                                                                                             $                                                               (65,532                                                         )                                                               
            Add back:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                        Income taxes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (2,594                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               284                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             -                                                                                                                               
                        Net interest expense                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          3,857                                                                                                                                                                                                               4,515                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           8,050                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           16,190                                                                                                                          
                        Depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           29,328                                                                                                                                                                                                              35,897                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          62,405                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          69,871                                                                                                                          
                        Impairments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   10,885                                                                                                                                                                                                              1,467                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           11,654                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          6,580                                                                                                                           
                        Loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                5,627                                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               5,627                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                               
                        Exploration expenditures and dry hole costs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   783                                                                                                                                                                                                                 746                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2,637                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           1,318                                                                                                                           
                        Loss on abandonment activities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                774                                                                                                                                                                                                                 118                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             577                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             574                                                                                                                             
            Less impact of:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                        Reorganization items                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -                                                                                                                                                                                                                   11,674                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               12,602                                                                                                                          
                        Unrealized (gain) loss due to the change in fair market value of derivative contracts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (9,580                                                         )                                                                                                                                                    -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (11,316                                                         )                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 EBITDAX                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $                                                              34,470                                                                                                                                                                                       $                      20,756                                                                                                                                                                                          $                                                               80,424                                                                                                                                                                                          $                                                               41,603                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
                        EBITDAX is defined as net income (loss) before income taxes, interest expense, depreciation, depletion, amortization and accretion, impairments, loss on extinguishment of debt, exploration expenditures and dry hole costs, loss on abandonment activities and cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, and further deducts reorganization items and the unrealized gain or loss on our derivative contracts. We have reported EBITDAX because we believe EBITDAX is a measure commonly reported and widely used in our industry as an indicator of a company`s ability to internally fund exploration and development activities and incur and service debt. EBITDAX is not a calculation based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States and should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for net income, as an indication of operating performance or cash flows from operating activities or as a measure of liquidity. Investors should carefully consider the specific items included in our computation of EBITDAX.  Investors should be cautioned that EBITDAX as reported by us may not be comparable in all instances to EBITDAX as reported by other companies.  In addition, EBITDAX does not represent funds available 
                        for discretionary use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           


                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
 ENERGY PARTNERS, LTD.                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF NET CASH PROVIDED BY                                                                                                                                                                          
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 (In thousands)                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                     Successor              Predecessor            Successor              Predecessor       
                                                                                                                     Company                Company                Company                Company           
                                                                                                                     Three Months Ended                              Six Months Ended                           
                                                                                                                     June 30,                                        June 30,                                   
                                                                                                                     2010                   2009                   2010                   2009              
 Cash flows from operating activities:                                                                                                                                                                          
            Net income (loss)                                                                                        $  (4,610   )            (33,661  )            506                   (65,532  )       
            Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:                                                                                                           
                                     Depreciation, depletion and amortization                                          26,106                34,054                55,961                66,194           
                                     Accretion of liability for asset retirement obligations                           3,222                 1,843                 6,444                 3,677            
                                     Unrealized gain on derivative contracts                                           (9,580   )            -                     (11,316  )            -                
                                     Non-cash compensation                                                             574                   899                   739                   2,266            
                                     In-kind interest on PIK Notes                                                     (6,620   )            -                     (3,395   )            -                
                                     Deferred income taxes                                                             (2,594   )            -                     284                   -                
                                     Exploration expenditures                                                          71                    40                    1,827                 28               
                                     Impairments                                                                       10,885                1,467                 11,654                6,580            
                                     Amortization of deferred financing costs and discount on debt                     (47      )            6,669                 457                   8,001            
                                     Loss on abandonment activities                                                    774                   118                   577                   574              
                                     Other                                                                             -                     129                   -                     2                
            Changes in operating assets and liabilities:                                                                                                                                                       
                                     Trade accounts receivable                                                         4,886                 4,722                 4,249                 8,365            
                                     Other receivables                                                                 288                   (176     )            1,701                 1,544            
                                     Prepaid expenses                                                                  1,042                 1,290                 (830     )            1,126            
                                     Other assets                                                                      693                   3,957                 622                   (128     )       
                                     Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                             6,659                 (5,784   )            3,003                 (9,640   )       
                                     Other liabilities                                                                 (3,732   )            (8,658   )            (4,995   )            (13,897  )       
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                            $  28,017                6,909                 67,488                9,160            
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Reconciliation of discretionary cash flow:                                                                                                                                                                     
                                     Net cash provided by operating activities                                         28,017                6,909                 67,488                9,160            
                                     Changes in working capital                                                        (9,836   )            4,649                 (3,750   )            12,630           
                                     Non-cash exploration expenditures and impairments                                 (10,956  )            (1,507   )            (13,481  )            (6,608   )       
                                     Total exploration expenditures, dry hole costs and impairments                    11,668                2,213                 14,291                7,898            
 Discretionary cash flow                                                                                              $  18,893          $     12,264             $  64,548          $     23,080           
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 The table above reconciles discretionary cash flow to net cash provided by or used in operating activities. Discretionary cash flow is defined as cash flow from operations before changes in working capital and exploration expenditures. Discretionary cash flow is widely accepted as a financial indicator of an oil and natural gas company's ability to generate cash which is used to internally fund exploration and development activities, pay dividends and service debt. Discretionary cash flow is presented based 
 on management's belief that this non-GAAP financial measure is useful information to investors because it is widely used by professional research analysts in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies within the oil and natural gas exploration and production industry. Many investors use the published research of these analysts in making their investment decisions. Discretionary cash flow is not a measure of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as 
 an alternative to cash flows from operating activities, as defined by GAAP, or as a measure of liquidity, or an alternative to net income. Investors should be cautioned that discretionary cash flow as reported by the Company may not be comparable in all instances to discretionary cash flow as reported by other companies. 


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
 ENERGY PARTNERS, LTD.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
 SELECTED PRODUCTION, PRICING AND OPERATIONAL STATISTICS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 (Unaudited)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                     Successor                                           Predecessor                                                          Successor                                           Predecessor      
                                                                                                     Company                                             Company                                                              Company                                             Company          
                                                                                                     Three Months Ended                                                                                                         Six Months Ended                                                       
                                                                                                     June 30,                                                                                                                   June 30,                                                               
                                                                                                     2010                                                2009                                                                 2010                                                2009             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 PRODUCTION AND PRICING                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Net Production (per day):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                     Oil (Bbls)                                                                       6,411                                              5,167                                                               6,817                                              5,195            
                     Natural gas (Mcf)                                                                43,549                                             64,679                                                              47,220                                             62,047           
                                            Total (Boe)                                              13,669                                             15,947                                                              14,687                                             15,536           
 Average Sales Prices:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
                     Oil (per Bbl)                                                   $                70.54                                              51.31                                                               71.01                                              44.07            
                     Natural gas (per Mcf)                                                            4.29                                               3.69                                                                4.82                                               4.19             
                                            Average (per Boe)                                        46.76                                              31.60                                                               48.47                                              31.48            
 Oil and Natural Gas Revenues (in thousands):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
                     Oil                                                             $                41,149                                             24,124                                                              87,616                                             41,440           
                     Natural gas                                                                      17,014                                             21,737                                                              41,230                                             47,071           
                                            Total                                                    58,163                                             45,861                                                              128,846                                            88,511           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 Impact of derivatives settled during the period (1):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
                     Oil (per Bbl)                                                   $                (4.66            )                                 5.11                                                                (5.17            )                                 2.71             
                     Natural gas (per Mcf)                                                            0.02                                               (0.57            )                                                  0.01                                               0.02             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 OPERATIONAL STATISTICS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Average Costs (per Boe):                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
                     Lease operating expense                                         $                10.99                                              10.37                                                               10.58                                              11.03            
                     Depreciation, depletion and amortization                                         20.99                                              23.47                                                               21.05                                              23.54            
                     Accretion expense                                                                2.59                                               1.27                                                                2.42                                               1.31             
                     Taxes, other than on earnings                                                    1.83                                               0.95                                                                1.62                                               0.99             
                     General and administrative                                                       3.92                                               5.23                                                                3.41                                               6.00             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                     (1) The derivative amounts represent the realized portion of gains or losses on derivative contracts settled during the period which are included in Other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations.                                                                


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 ENERGY PARTNERS, LTD.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 (In thousands, except share data)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       June 30,               December 31,       
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2010                   2009               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 ASSETS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Current assets:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                                    $  28,188             $  26,745            
            Trade accounts receivable                                                                                                                                                                                       23,709                27,958            
            Receivables from insurance                                                                                                                                                                                      3,763                 5,464             
            Fair value of commodity derivative instruments                                                                                                                                                                  507                   914               
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                                                             3,861                 5,768             
            Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                                                                                                3,770                 2,940             
            Total current assets                                                                                                                                                                                            63,798                69,789            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                                      675,869               648,517           
 Less accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization                                                                                                                                                                   (104,978  )           (37,535  )        
            Net property and equipment                                                                                                                                                                                      570,891               610,982           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Restricted cash                                                                                                                                                                                                            11,140                22,147            
 Other assets                                                                                                                                                                                                               2,702                 3,647             
 Deferred financing costs -- net of accumulated amortization                                                                                                                                                                 2,737                 2,663             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $  651,268            $  709,228           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
 Current liabilities:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
            Accounts payable                                                                                                                                                                                             $  17,718             $  14,047            
            Accrued expenses                                                                                                                                                                                                33,742                32,822            
            Asset retirement obligations                                                                                                                                                                                    7,575                 10,830            
            Current portion of long-term debt                                                                                                                                                                               25,000                18,750            
            Fair value of commodity derivative instruments                                                                                                                                                                  4,551                 10,256            
            Total current liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                       88,586                86,705            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Long-term debt                                                                                                                                                                                                             -                     58,590            
 Asset retirement obligations                                                                                                                                                                                                64,602                59,150            
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                                                                    15,330                16,953            
 Fair value of commodity derivative instruments                                                                                                                                                                              1,166                 7,519             
 Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                   20                    224               
 Commitments and contingencies                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       169,704               229,141           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
 Stockholders` equity:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
            Preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share. Authorized 1,000,000 shares; no shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2010 and December 31, 2009.                                                              -                     -                 
            Common stock: $0.001 par value per share. Authorized 75,000,000 shares; shares issued and outstanding 40,090,810 and 40,021,770 at June 30, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively.                           40                    40                
            Additional paid-in capital                                                                                                                                                                                      502,030               501,059           
            Accumulated deficit                                                                                                                                                                                             (20,506   )           (21,012  )        
            Total stockholders` equity                                                                                                                                                                                      481,564               480,087           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $  651,268            $  709,228           


Energy Partners, Ltd.
T.J. Thom, Chief Financial Officer, 504-799-1902
tthom@eplweb.com

Copyright Business Wire 2010




	
    </content>
</doc>